---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: ImaCrea
illustrator: William Girault
writer: Maxime
category: '14'
guest_name: Modonut
guestPic: guestPic14.jpg
track2_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/14/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/14/track3.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/14/track4.mp3'
track5_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/14/track5.mp3'
track6_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/14/track6.mp3'
track7_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/14/track7.mp3'
track1_title: David Axelrod - Ken Russell
track2_title: J Chattaway - Maniac Theme
track3_title: Jake One ft. MF DOOM - Trap Door
track4_title: Angus & Julia Stone - Paper Aeroplane
track5_title: Tropics - Give it Up
track6_title: Grimes - Sagrad
track7_title: Casa Del Mirto - The Right Way
episode_URL: 'https://mailta.pe/14/Modonut/'
track1_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/14/track1.mp3'
guest_color: trippy
track1_color: trippy
track2_color: trippy
track3_color: vibrant
track4_color: bliss
track5_color: rough
track6_color: dreamy
track7_color: vibrant
fbPic: fbPic14.jpg
musiColor: musiColor14.png
description: >-
  This morning, adventures and sensuality awaits for you with our guest
  Modonut...
---
<p id="introduction">
This morning, adventures and sensuality awaits for you with our guest [Modonut](https://soundcloud.com/uglymacbeer).</p>


# A story just for you

Slowly, she exits the water, swaying her hips to the hypnotizing rhythm of David Awelrod, slowed journey zooming to her feet, the fine sand rushing through her toes...

With each of her steps, a few lucky grains manage to grab onto her remaining wet ankles. Once more, she lays and drowns in her reading, a Jay Chattaway book in her hands. Heading for the volcano, we cruise over the island, questing for the other treasures of this earth. A white van is devouring the only route crossing the forest. MF Doom on the roof, Jake One behind the wheel, our two acolytes are heading for a lodge buried in the vegetation.

A swing, a parrot hanging from a branch while Angus and Julia are recording their new album.

No doors, no windows, a lodge opened to the world with its accords swinging its surroundings. A long cable running across the walls, meeting the FM antenna proudly towering the shack’s roof. Chapter ended, book closed, radio switched on and volume increased. The waves of Tropics FM are vibrating its parasol, the sun looking at its reflection through the tinted sun glasses.

The sheets of a magazine are twirling around: ‘Add 1/3 of milk, 1/3 Kahlua, 1/3 of vodka, take a walk on the roof alone and listen to Grimes'. Closed eyes, she lets herself go and starts dancing. The stereo vibrating to the waves coming from a closed-by case name Casa Del Mirto. 

# Modonut's selection:

## David Axelrod - Ken Russell
_Modonut_: "From the Album 'Seriously Deep' the only Axelrod album recorded by Polydor, in 1975 with the best of jazz funk musicians.
A track with a slow and solid beat, where the funky touch brings synths and percussion to the cords. An incredibly high production quality, molding the electric-jazz tendency of its time, this evolutionary and hovering track seems just out of an original movie trailer."

## Jay Chattaway - Maniac Theme

_Modonut_: "From William Lustig's horror film of the 80's, reminiscent of those synth themes you hear once and never forget. A sinister and terrifying ambiance: a masterpiece all of its own."

## Jake One ft MF Doom - Trap Door

_Modonut_: "A real jewel from Jake One's album 'White Van Music'
The production echoes like an Italian original soundtrack from the 60's, featuring rap's best villain, the alchemy is perfect.....real heavy stuff!"
