---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: ImaCrea
illustrator: Pierre-Julien Fieux
writer: ImaCrea
category: '116'
guest_name: Fakear
guest_color: dreamy
guestPic: guestPic116.jpg
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, Fakear inspired me a mostly blue MaiTape. At first I wanted to balance it with some rough tracks but I couldn't get my hand on anything satisfying and finally decided to give you a full trip with a rush of adrenalin to wake you up in the end. Close your eyes and let the music guide your dreams.</p>

# Fakear, disciple of Wax Tailor.

Supporting Wax Tailor during his concert at the Trianon (Paris), Fakear surprised instantly the audience. What attracted me in his creations is his mastery in MPC combined with a peaceful atmosphere. It reminds me of some tracks by DJ Krush although the later evolves generally in darker landscapes. This consistency shows much maturity from his side and builds great expectations.


# The Holydrug Couple's selection

+ ## Nicolas Godin - Widerstehe Doch Der Sünde
_The Holydrug Couple_: **"**This a song originally written by Bach, and re-made by Nicolas Godin by AIR. It's one of the songs that I most adore in the entire world and it's apt for every minute of every hour of the week. Simply majestic.**"**

+ ## Arco Corintio - Coronada
_The Holydrug Couple_: **"**This is from a new project I'm working on called Arco Corintio. I think it's perfect for a sunday morning, the time runs slow and you feel a lit of bit melancholic about the such a good time you had last nite on that party. Kinda of a gospel, it's just very simple with a couple of beautiful chords and driven by a mellow groovy bass and ace tone drum machine.**"**

+ ## Valesuchi - Golosynth
_The Holydrug Couple_: **"**This one is from my friend Valesuchi, called Golosynth, in spanish something like ''sweet tooth for synths''. Perfect chill for a sunday morning without losing the necesary groovness to not to comeback to bed.**"**

# **Mailtape's selection**

+ ## The Holydrug Couple - Concorde
_Dimitri_: **"**My favorite song from them. Bucolic and aerial, Concorde sounds like an invitation to dream that I accept without one single rejection**"**

+ ## Krakatau - Tharsis Montes

_Dimitri_: **"**Australia is one of the most exciting indie music scene to this day. Krakatau is a perfect exemple of this fertile clime. The band based in Melbourne has created its own style, highly cosmic, at the crossroads of sun-kissed funk and moonlit jazz. Tharsis Montes is the quintessence, Tharsis Montes is a masterpiece.**"**

+ ## Phil Stroud - Flow
_Dimitri_: **"**Phil Stroud is an aussie producer from Perth. He said about Flow "I hope is that it provides you with the assistance you need to feel calm and energised, that it connects you with your spirit and grounds you to the earth." I think that says it all right there.**"**

+ ## Mick Jenkins - Drowning feat. BadBadNotGood
_Dimitri_: **"**Mick Jenkins is a based Chicago rapper, few weeks ago he relased one of my best hip-hop album of the year entitled "The Healing Component". Like this Drowning featuring [BadBadNotGood](http://mailta.pe/110/BBNG/) his music is a kind of psychedelic hip-hop, result of lot of experimentations which it reminds me on some points Outkast. Really inspiring.**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all folks, thanks to [The Holydrug Couple](https://theholydrugcouple.bandcamp.com/) for their participation, and [William](http://williamgirault.com/) for the wonderful illustration. Enjoy your sunday !</p>
