---
layout: episode
published: false
author: Ludovic
guest_color: rough
bigTitle_font_ratio: "6"
bigTitle_line_ratio: "1"
track1_color: rough
track2_color: rough
track3_color: rough
track4_color: rough
track5_color: rough
track6_color: rough
track7_color: rough
category: "139"
guest_name: "N'to"
---

<p id="introduction">
This Morning, be prepared to enter a unique world oscillating in between energy and melancholia. We are very pleased to announce you today our very special guest : [N’to](https://www.facebook.com/nto.music "N'to Facebook"). Influenced by minimal and techno artists such as James Holden, Extrawelt and Stephan Bodzin, his electronic working is recognizable by his using of smoothy melodies surrounded by efficient minimal rhythms.</p>

# The story behind the music

N’to is a french electronic music producer coming from the south of France. His love story with music started in his early childhood with his parents icons. He started learning guitar when he was ten years old and could never give up making music since then. This story may start like many other but, as you will soon understand, it ended like no other.

# His morning selection

## Ten Walls - Walking With Elephants
N'to: **"**So as for **"**Gotham**"**, I like this track because of its efficiency and simplicity. Love the color and grain of the lead, it's like a strong deep wind instrument. Great orchestration in it by the way.**"**

## Tale Of Us - Another Earth
N'to: **"**I like this one because it’s kind of solar. The wide melody makes me feel like I’m on a space flight. An intelligent track.**"**

## Christian Loeffler - Signals
N'to: **"**This track is just perfect as it rocks you gently with its smooth and patterned melody. Love it.**"**

<p id="outroduction">
That’s all folks! A big thank to [N'to](https://soundcloud.com/ntonto "N'to Soundcloud") for his selection and his label [Hungry Music](https://www.facebook.com/hungrymusic.fr "Hungry Music Facebook"). Thanks for listening and enjoy your sunday !
</p>