---
layout: episode
published: false
author: Dimitri
guest_color: rough
bigTitle_font_ratio: "6"
track1_color: rough
track2_color: rough
track3_color: rough
track4_color: rough
track5_color: rough
track6_color: rough
track7_color: rough
---


## A New Post

<p id="introduction">
Our artist of the week, [Indian Wells](https://soundcloud.com/indian-wells "Indian Wells Soundcloud") is here to help you pull aside the curtain while you bask in the joy of having to wake up to yet another jovial morning.  The sounds from this episode are serene and carry in themselves a novelty that is yet to be explored. Also, some of the sounds including “Baby Come Home” do just about the right thing to gently wake you up from your slumber.
</p>

# Breaking with tradition
The Italian producer Pietro Iannuzi named the band after the californian city Indian Wells. It is the same city that now hosts the tennis tournament BNP Paribas Open, formerly known as the Indian Wells Masters. 
Speaking of tournament, there were tennis references in the 2012 debut Night Drops and also a song named “Wimbledon 1980” was sampled on the sound of tennis ball being hit back and forth. That said, we hope you enjoy our selection of the week and we will catch up next week until then, goodbye. 
<br>

## Populous - The Breakfast Drama
_Indian Wells:_ **"**This was one of the first tracks I listen to from my friend Populous. Simply magic.
**"**

## Mark Barrott - Baby Come Home
_Indian Wells:_ **"**Usually I listen to this song every sunday morning when I wake up and every time i think it's Spring.**"**

## Orcas - Infinite Stillness
_Indian Wells:_ **"**I don't listen to rock music so much but this track remind me landscapes, mountains and my teenage years.**"**

 
<p id="outroduction">
A big thanks to [Indian Wells](https://badpandarecords.bandcamp.com/album/indian-wells-pause "Indian Wells Bandcamp") for his selection and to [Kathy Lee](www.kathyylee.com "Kathy Lee's Website") for the great artwork.
That’s all folks! 
Enjoy your Sunday ! 
</p>
