---
layout: episode
published: false
author: Dimitri
guest_color: rough
bigTitle_font_ratio: "6"
bigTitle_line_ratio: "1"
track1_color: rough
track2_color: rough
track3_color: rough
track4_color: rough
track5_color: rough
track6_color: rough
track7_color: rough
---


<p id="introduction">This sunday, enjoy [TOYS](https://soundcloud.com/toys-music "TOYS' Soundcloud stream")'s eclectic selection and enjoy their very inspirational selection where pop, electronic, indie music and vintage sounds will help you take benefits of this day.</p>

Led by Paul Prier and Benoît Doremus, TOYS is mainly a family story
which starts in a Parisian studio, a place that will quickly become the band's new home. A story that thrives on common foundations and
passion for electronic music, from Space to Kevin Saunderson, through
Pink Floyd and Jay Dee.

First, there was [Noise] (https://soundcloud.com/toys-music/noise "Noise by TOYS on Soundcloud"), their first single released two years ago, the headlining track of the compilation 'Kistuné Parisien 3', an odyssey from the bottom of the night packed with urban interference, oozing Parisian sidewalks. Then comed [Hey Boy] (https://soundcloud.com/toys-music/hey-boy-1 "Hey Boy by TOYS on Soundcloud") small electronic jewell with soulful accents, plunged into an urban haze.

After severals remix (Two Door Cinema Club, Breton, Lescop, François & the Atlas Mountain), they come back with their new EP where 'Golden Line', the first single, is accompanied by a new [video] (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5F7-mqFbSYA "Golden Line music video on YouTube") directed by Vladimir de Fontenay. The video was presented in South by Southwest Film Festival (SXSW), Texas.


# TOYS' morning inspiration

## Unknown Mortal Orchestra - Multi-Love
_TOYS:_ **"**We like everything in this track : drum & voice treatment, psychedelic-pop energy featured with a bit of house music, the overall production... Their new album is about to be released in a couple of days, we can't wait to listen to it !**"**

## Donnie & Joe Emerson - Baby
_TOYS:_ **"**A track that we listen often. This song has a rather improbable story : it was recorded in the late 70's by two brothers, Joe and Donnie, whose father, producer of the band, had built a studio in the family farm to produce their sons. At the time, their album did not work at all and the band was completely forgotten until a record collector rediscovered the vinyl in 2008, in a flea market !
There is something touching in this piece, the production is a little awkward but its heartfelt songwriting and its interpretation made it a small soul masterpiece...**"**

## Only Real - Cadillac Girl
_TOYS:_ **"**A small american prodigy of 16 years, he's the result of a completely autonomous generation member of a group of ultra promising rapper (the stand4rd) whose artistic maturity continues to impress. We love this simple and beautiful piece , almost hard to believe that it was done by someone so young...
**"**

 
<p id="outroduction">
That’s all folks! A great thanks to [Lockhart](https://fr-fr.facebook.com/lockhartlockhart) for his amazing morning selection. Enjoy your sunday, and be cool!</p>
