---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: MailTape Crew
illustrator: Camille Célestin
writer: PS KY
category: '110'
guest_name: BBNG
guest_color: trippy
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/110/BBNG/'
description: >-
  This morning, the young BBNG are blowing their jazz sounds on a well selected
  musical toast.
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, the young BBNG are blowing their jazz sounds on a well selected musical toast. This selection reminds us that music is first and foremost about sensations and emotions. An invitation to listen to your heart and perceive your life like a musical sheet made up of unique moments of to be shared and cherished.</p>

# BBNG' selection:

## Charles Bradley - Strictly Reserved for You
_BBNG_: **"**Chester: Charles Bradley is one of the most authentic and soulful artists I have ever heard, I have been a fan since hearing his first album last year. Seeing him live multiple times in the past few months has been amazing, one of the shows left the entire audience in tears (including me). The amount of heart he puts into what he does is truly inspiring. Also, the Menahan Street Band are incredible musicians as are everyone else he records with at Daptone Records**"**

## Pusha T - Numbers on The Boards
_BBNG_: **"**Alex: I really enjoy this track for a number of reasons. First of all, the beat is a simple but effective hard loop, the abstract percussive sounds within the beat create this hypnotic but heading nodding feeling and are something you don't hear to often in hip hop tracks these days. Pusha T is also a great rapper - he brings really strong punchlines and bodies this song. The sample cuts and Jay-Z breaks are also really cool with how they break up the song so when the loop comes back in your right back in the song.**"**

## Jerry Paper - Can We Really Communicate ?
_BBNG_: **"**Matt: This dude makes really awesome music with weird synths and tropical vibes!**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all folks! Thanks to BBNG for their selection. Have a great summer!</p>
