---
layout: episode
curator: Maxime
illustrator: Camille Célestin
writer: Maxime
category: "204"
guest_name: Pépite
guest_color: bliss
bigTitle_font_ratio: "6"
guestPic: guestPic204.jpg
track1_link: "https://soundcloud.com/dominorecordco/la-priest-oino"
track2_link: "https://soundcloud.com/paulhazan/child-of-nature-beatles-cover"
track3_link: "https://soundcloud.com/pan-european-recording/flavien-berger-ville-neuve-life-in-a-new-motion-cover"
track4_link: "https://soundcloud.com/pepites/les-bateaux-1"
track5_link: "https://soundcloud.com/havana-cultura/havana-cool-out-reginald-omas-mamode-iv"
track6_link: "https://soundcloud.com/fatnotronic/phillipi-rodrigo-gueto-de-gent-deewee010"
track7_link: "https://soundcloud.com/cerroneofficial/funk-makossa-feat-manu-dibango"
track1_title: "LA Priest - Onio"
track1_color: rough
track2_title: Paul Hazan – Child of Nature
track2_color: vibrant
track3_title: "Flavien Berger – Life in a\_New Motion"
track3_color: dreamy
track4_title: "Pépite - Les Bateaux"
track4_color: dreamy
track5_title: "Reginald Omas Mamode IV - Havana Cool Out"
track5_color: dreamy
track6_title: "Phillipi & Rodrigo - Gueto de Gent"
track6_color: trippy
track7_title: "Cerrone feat. Manu Dibango - Funk Makossa"
track7_color: vibrant
episode_URL: "http://mailta.pe/204/Pepite/"
fbPic: fbPic204.jpg
musiColor: musiColor204.png
description: ""
published: true
author: Maxime
---

<p id="introduction">This morning, it's Valentine's day ... It wasn't prepared to invite Pépite this particulary day. But at the end, the band who compose the most beautiful song about love this year is our guest. "Les Bateaux", a song that made me capsize. Completely upside down. A melancholic song about this guy at the beach who look freighter boats further offshore passing by the coast as his past loves. A redemption song which give chills. </p>

## Melancholic dandies
 
Pépite is a two guys band. Who sing about love, travel and chill with such a melancholic way. For them the past isn't most important than the future, but it seams to me that they only talk about it as a huge force that you have to control to move on. The past is everywhere in their songs... You can travel around the world, you will not be able to go back in time. The trips always bring you back to the same shores ("Les Voyages te ramènent toujours aux même rivages"), these same shores that can make you capsize. As trips and shipwrecks, the past make you what you are, and now deal with it, sing about it, build your future with it. 

## Organs, organs everywhere. 

Talking about travel, heartbreaks, desire for sweet life makes you want to go. Find out for yourself if, in return, the shores changed or not. If it will make you capsize or not. As the perfect soundtrack of all initiatic trips, their organ filled songs lightly touch you and changes your soul, like the elephant frightened by mice. 


## LA Priest  - Onio
Pépite: " _Juste le meilleur morceau de cette année, en grand fan de Dub je ne peux que m’incliner devant cette chanson, la production est incroyable, les paroles aussi sans parler du solo à la fin  L’album est tout aussi bien, Parfait pour un se rappeler un peu de la soirée d’hier et danser dans son lit. _ "

## Paul Hazan – Child of Nature
Pépite: "_Paul Hazan est un vieil ami, il a une voix incroyable et sa reprise guitare/voix de la première version de « Jealous Guy » est juste parfaite pour le dimanche matin. Surtout que cette version est assez rare._"

## Flavien Berger – Life in a New Motion
Pépite: " _C'est un titre de Poni Hoax que j adore. L ambiance est hyper glamour. Le Clip aussi est très beau. J’ai découvert cette reprise de Flavien Berger il y a un an et je la trouve aussi bien que l’original, le simple fait d’avoir traduit les paroles donne une toute autre dimension au morceau. Et on ne l entend pas souvent chanter de cette façon, juste avec un piano. Il a une super voix, et les choeurs sont incroyablement hypnotiques.!_“
 
<p id="outroduction">
That's all folks, thanks to xxx.</p>
