---
layout: episode
author: ImaCrea
illustrator: Camille Célestin
writer: ImaCrea
category: "207"
guest_name: Aporia
guest_color: rough
bigTitle_font_ratio: "6"
guestPic: guestPic207.jpg
track1_link: "https://soundcloud.com/thebrochures/10-forge-your-own-chains-d-r"
track2_link: "https://soundcloud.com/thedurutticolumn/duet"
track3_link: "https://soundcloud.com/felix-navarro/050313white-waking-les-rallizes"
track4_link: ""
track5_link: ""
track6_link: ""
track7_link: ""
track1_title: "Dr. Hooker- Forge Your Own Chains"
track1_color: rough
track2_title: "The Durutti Column - Duet "
track2_color: rough
track3_title: "Les Rallizes Denudes- White Waking"
track3_color: rough
track4_title: ""
track4_color: rough
track5_title: ""
track5_color: rough
track6_title: ""
track6_color: rough
track7_title: ""
track7_color: rough
episode_URL: ""
fbPic: ""
musiColor: ""
description: ""
published: true
---



<p id="introduction">intro mofo</p>

 

# title

wow some text here

 

# Aporia's selection:

## Dr. Hooker- Forge Your Own Chains

This sounds like a groovier, west coast version of Lou Reed to me. The song is taken from his 1972 album ‘The Truth’ that was recently reissued via Psychedelic Sounds International. Full album is a bit of a mixed bag but this song is great.’

https://soundcloud.com/thedurutticolumn/duet

## The Durutti Column - Duet 

I think Tony Wilson once said that The Durutti Column would never sell but sounded great on a Sunday morning with a spliff! This song is taken from his soundcloud page and was previously known as ‘My Only Love’. All of his material is worth checking out, his guitar playing is beyond belief. I heard recently that Vini Reilly is homeless in Manchester doing it tough so share the love and listen to The Durutti Column.’

https://soundcloud.com/felix-navarro/050313white-waking-les-rallizes

## Les Rallizes Denudes- White Waking

Mythical Japanese psych band that have perhaps the best story in rock n roll. The bass player was involved in the 1970 Yodogo Hijacking and bandleader Takashi Mizutani has forever been shrouded in mystery. No studio recordings, only bootlegs and a lot of feedback! This song is from Mizutani’s more quiet side but still features his signature guitar splatter!


Papooz: "_Sublime track by this wonderful man with a mustache. Ideal for heavy Sundays._"

 

## Little Joy - Don't Watch Me Dancing

Papooz: "_For a cold and sunny winter afternoon... To listen in your bath with your lover._"

 

## Matthew E. White - Love Is Deep

Papooz: " _Because we all need to love, especially on Sundays, and Matthew sings love with way more style that others. A mass._“

 

<p id="outroduction">

That's all folks, thanks to [Aporia](https://aporianz.bandcamp.com/) for his great and deep selection. Enjoy your Sunday.</p>
