---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: Olivier
illustrator: Pierre-Julien Fieux
category: '242'
guest_name: Juniore
track1_link: 'https://mtsounds.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/242/track1.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mtsounds.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/242/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mtsounds.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/242/track3.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/242/track4.mp3'
track4_title: Juniore - Panique
track4_color: trippy
track1_title: Santo & Johnny - Sleepwalk
track1_color: bliss
track2_color: vibrant
track3_title: Erik Satie - Gymnopédie n°1
track3_color: dreamy
track5_color: vibrant
track6_color: bliss
track2_title: Margo Guryan - Sunday Morning
track7_color: dreamy
episode_URL: 'https://mailta.pe/242/Juniore/'
track5_title: GYM - Your Woman (White Town cover)
track5_link: 'https://mtsounds.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/242/track5.mp3'
track6_title: ' Jo Wedin & Jean Felzine - Idiot'
track6_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/242/track6.mp3'
track7_title: Lemon Swell - Tides
track7_link: 'https://mtsounds.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/242/track7.mp3'
guestPic: guestPic242.jpg
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic242.jpg'
musiColor: musiColor242.png
description: >-
  Instrumental tracks, smooth vibrations like a warm sonic blanket: this morning
  selection begins with some soothing classical records picked by Juniore, just
  to help you arise from Morphee's kingdom.
guest_color: trippy
---
<p id="introduction">As winter is now firmly anchored, there is nothing quite like staying in bed, enjoying a warm coffee with a delicious breakfast, and listening to some very comforting tracks, like candy for the ears... That's exactly what we have carefully crafted for you today with [Juniore](https://heyjuniore.bandcamp.com), a French indie-pop band. Instrumental tracks, smooth vibrations like a warm sonic blanket: this morning selection begins with some soothing classical records picked by Juniore, just to help you arise from Morphee's kingdom. The whole thing with a bit of French accent and inspirations from the reckless sounds of the 60's...
</p>


# Ghosts, towns, and girls tales...

An all-female band, led by Parisian Anna Jean and with their surf-pop deeply anchored in the sixties, Juniore's music is made of reverbed guitars coupled to vocal harmonies full of spleen and rhythms, inspired by a world of ghosts, towns, cars and girls tales...


# Juniore's selection

+ ## Santo & Johnny - Sleepwalk
_Juniore_: **"**For the lazy mornings, the tougher or the fuzzy ones. For the Sunday morning that follows a restless Saturday, a great deal of guitars made of cotton, creamy melodies, this track is like a syrup that gets your head (and organs) straight. As the mysterious Mary Poppins says: "A spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down". Efficiency guarantees.**"**

+ ## Margo Guryan - Sunday Morning
_Juniore_: **"**For the mornings under a grey sky, made of cotton (and for getting back to bed...)**"**

+ ## Erik Satie - Gymnopédie N°1
_Juniore_: **"**For the morose and nostalgic mornings. Or simply the mornings full of serenity (yes, it must also happen, Satie's Gnossienne or Gymnopédie is the best solution for a moment full of contemplation, a waking dream.**"**


# Mailtape's selection

+ ## Juniore - Panique
_Olivier_: **"**With this track, Juniore transform their surf-pop into an addictive and disquieting pop. As we enter this new year, the world around us is becoming more and more worrisome, and Anna Jean uses this song to express her feelings about it. She makes a kind of mockery of it, by telling an inconsequential story of an unexpected attraction. With catchy lyrics, vigorous and agitated lines of guitars and organs supported by a restless drum, the whole thing put torgether into a hectic mix, Panique is like a sonic rocket that will boost your day!**"**

+ ## GYM - Your Woman (White Town cover)
_Olivier_: **"**I've picked this track mostly because of this haunted bell melody that is the perfect answer to Juniore's Panique atmosphere. Then, the bouncing bass line makes us nod our heads unconsciously as the indolent voice of GYM's singer leads us into a really good mood! And I think the lyrics "I could never be your woman" introduce the next track of this selection very well...**"**

+ ## Jo Wedin & Jean Felzine - Idiot
_Olivier_: **"**There's nothing better than this song to pay tribute to the sounds of the sixties and to the iconic love duo that were recording at that time. While Juniore kept the "darker" sides of those years, full of cowboy boots and two-time motors, this song reflects the touching innocence of the era. Both singers act their role beautifully in this drama. It's perfect to start the day with fresh and enthusiastic ideas.**"**

+ ## Lemon Swell - Track
_Olivier_: **"**For the final track of this episode, I wanted to answer the first track "Sleepwalk" with an instrumental piece, made of aerial and psychedelic guitars. Some kind of an outro that closes this episode in a very cinematic way...**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all folks, thanks to [Juniore](https://heyjuniore.bandcamp.com) for their selection and have a golden day! </p>
