---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: Sanjay Mistry
illustrator: William Girault
writer: Sanjay Mistry
category: '290'
guest_name: Fold
guest_color: vibrant
track1_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/idenio-rodrigues/novos-baianos-acabou-chorare'
track2_link: 'https://mailtapetracks.s3.amazonaws.com/290/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/mrbongo/16-barbatuques-baiana'
track4_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/fold/written-in-the-sky'
track5_link: >-
  https://soundcloud.com/stampthewax/premiere-vels-trio-yellow-ochre-pt1-stw-premiere
track6_link: 'https://mailtapetracks.s3.amazonaws.com/290/track6.mp3'
track7_link: 'https://mailtapetracks.s3.amazonaws.com/290/track7.mp3'
track1_title: Os Novos Baianos – Acabou Chorare
track1_color: dreamy
track2_title: The Meters – Hand Clapping Song
track2_color: trippy
track3_title: Barbatuques – Baiana
track3_color: vibrant
track4_title: Fold – Written in the Sky
track4_color: vibrant
track5_title: Vels Trio – Yellow Ochre (Part 1)
track5_color: bliss
track6_title: Stella Chiweshe – Uchiseka
track6_color: trippy
track7_title: 'Victor Jara – Caminando, Caminando'
track7_color: dreamy
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/290/fold/'
---
<p id="introduction">This morning we welcome the latest solo project of Jófríður Ákadóttir, [JFDR](http://jfdrcurrent.com/), as she chooses three dreamy tunes for Sunday morning in collaboration with MailTape.</p>
<p>Her debut solo album, Brazil, is full of minimalist soundscapes with soft tumbling guitars and haunting electronics. However mesmerizing the music might be, Jófríður Ákadóttir’s voice has a strength that’s made to seem fragile with its vibrato—like a solid pane of glass vibrating just enough not to shatter.</p>


# Fold's selection



## Os Novos Baianos – Acabou Chorare
_Seth of Fold_: **"**Sunday mornings are to me, as I'm sure they are to many, somewhat sacred. I typically require a gentle introduction, something that goes well with that first bleary cup of coffee; neither too energetic nor too emotionally challenging. This particular song first appeared in my life circa 1992 on a mix tape called 'Brasil' made by a friend who had access to his older flatmate's extraordinary record collection. One of my favourite pieces written for guitar, it possesses a singular quality that makes me feel at once warm, joyful and sort of tickled - whatever the weather.

The tune seems determined to celebrate life but in the most laid back way imaginable. Having actually spent a few months in Brasil (that's how they spell it) during the summer of 1994, listening to Acabou Chorare conjures deeply satisfying memories of lounging in the Brazilian sunshine after an enormous breakfast, drinking coffee and passion fruit juice, smoking innumerable cigarettes. Those were the days. Sigh.

A few years ago I finally learned to play and sing it all the way through, though the lyrics remain enigmatically untranslatable.**"**

## The Meters – Hand Clapping Song
_Seth of Fold_: **"**Once the coffee has kicked in it is time to think about moving around a little. The Meters happen to be my very favourite band of all time for the simple reason that they are the funkiest band of all time. Hand Clapping Song sits high among my 20-30 favourite Meters tracks and with its infectious Bayou shuffle it seems a logical follow up to that initial Brazilian groove. Again, this is music that brings me immense joy. The New Orleans sound, the inimitable swagger, the sense that they never took themselves too seriously, the fun they are clearly having while playing together all adds up to something I simply cannot find anywhere else.**"**

## Barbatuques – Baiana
_Seth of Fold_: **"**By this point I need to consider making the transition from pyjamas to actually doing something with my day. I need a banger to really get me going. This track is a fairly recent discovery and it hits me like an absolute ton of bricks. The sounds that make up the composition are raw and literally human - the Jew's harp is the only instrument - the rest is vocals, clapping and stomping. The sophistication and richness of Brazilian rhythm, song and arrangment - indeed of their musical heritage in general - is here evidenced to perfection. I find myself dancing around the room, still in my pyjamas, pumping my fists and embarrassing my kids thoroughly. That's me sorted for the day.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## Fold — Written in the Sky
_Sanjay_: **"**This track simmers and broods using gasps of breaths to provide a rhythmic pulse. The lyrics were apparently taken from love letters that Jófríður Ákadóttir once received, while the music was constructed as she attempted to "channel [her] triangle" by "making a song out of three chords in a loop."**"**

## Vels Trio – Yellow Ochre (Part 1)
_Sanjay_: **"**I'm pretty new to the music of [Bianca Rose](http://biancarose.co.uk/). This track from her debut album, No Fear Here, is a stripped back collaboration with cellist Ayanna Witter-Johnson and they have some really nice vocal harmonies between them.**"**

## Stella Chiweshe — Uchiseka
_Sanjay_: **"**A beautiful and soothing song with melancholy strings woven through, which hints at a messy individualist human experience. For our friends in the UK, [Gaelynn](https://violinscratches.com/) will be performing in London, Bristol, Oxford, Dartington and Manchester this December.**"**

## Victor Jara – Caminando, Caminando
_Sanjay_: **"**I hadn't listened to this track for a long time until I saw [The House on Coco Road](http://www.thehouseoncocoroad.com/) documentary, the score of which is composed by Meshell. It's a gentle, mournful piano ballad delicately poised in the liminal space between the private and public.**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all folks! Thanks so much for listening and much gratitude to Seth (and the rest of [Fold](http://fold.fm/)) for being our guests, and to [William Girault](http://williamgirault.com/) for this episode's colourful illustration!</p>
