---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: Laura
illustrator: Pierre-Julien Fieux
writer: Laura
category: '268'
guest_name: Llorca
guest_color: dreamy
track1_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/268/track1.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/268/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/268/track3.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/268/track4.mp3'
track5_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/268/track5.mp3'
track6_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/268/track6.mp3'
track7_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/268/track7.mp3'
track1_title: Yuji Ohno - Captain Future
track1_color: bliss
track2_title: Oumou Sangaré - Yere Faga (feat. Tony Allen)
track2_color: trippy
track3_title: Otis Clay - The Only Way Is Up
track3_color: trippy
track4_title: Llorca – Lights Behind Windows
track4_color: dreamy
track5_title: Seb Wildblood – Jazz Vol. 1
track5_color: dreamy
track6_title: Quantic & His Combo Babaro – Undelivered Letter
track6_color: trippy
track7_title: Urbs & Cutex – Up & Down
track7_color: bliss
episode_URL: 'https://www.mailta.pe/268/llorca/'
description: >-
  This morning, enter the electric waves of Llorca’s world, a French acclaimed
  electro-jazz artist.
guestPic: guestPic268.jpg
image: https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic268.jpg
musiColor: musiColor268.png
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, enter the electric waves of Llorca’s world. Llorca is a French acclaimed electro-jazz artist. Inheriting his parents’ passion for music and computers, Ludovic started to create electronic music in 1985 and signed his first compositions for video games before becoming a House-music and deep techno DJ a few years later. After releasing a masterpiece album in 2001, Llorca toured for several years, traveled around the world and worked on many projects. 16 years later, he made a surprise come back with his new album The Garden. So sit down, relax and enjoy this moment that will hopefully be full of beautiful discoveries.</p>


# **Llorca's selection**

+ ## Yuji Ohno - Captain Future
_Ludovic Llorca_: **"**For a Sunday morning, I would start with something soft, even if it makes you want to swing your legs. It’s exactly what I’m looking for in the morning to wake up, I’m on familiar ground, I don’t like to be jostled before my breakfast, so I’d play the Capitaine Future soundtrack (better known in France as Capitaine Flam), composed by Yuji Ohno, the Japanese Herbie Hancock. It’s a bedside album that surprised me, amazed me and made me want to do music by watching the cartoon when I was a child. The first extract theme, played by chords is one of the most beautiful one that I know. The track ends at 2:12 and the albums continues with more worrying and also cheesy things.**"**

+ ## Oumou Sangaré - Yere Faga (feat. Tony Allen)
_Ludovic Llorca_: **"**Then, I would want to wake up a bit, I’d play something to warm up. I listen a little to African and afrobeat music, and Oumou Sangaré’s album completely charmed me. I love many tracks with Tony Allen (both solo and with Fela), he’s an alien for me, he plays in a very identifiable way, at the same time aloft, higher yet very groovy. It’s the perfect track to start the day – or the night !**"**

+ ## Otis Clay - The Only Way Is Up
_Ludovic Llorca_: **"**The perfect song (in every sense) to kick the day, the track that boosts your spirit once you’re up and that gets you in a good mood. Impossible to forget the cover of Yazz with Coldcut, that was one of the founding tracks of my House music culture before I knew it, but I don’t get tired of this faster and Disco original piece released in the beginning of the 80s.**"**


# Mailtape's selection

+ ## Llorca – Lights Behind Windows
_Laura_: **"**I rarely do this but here is one of my all time favourite song so no kidding here ! Lights Behind Windows comes from Llorca’s debut album [Newcomer](https://soundcloud.com/llorcaofficial/sets/newcomer-2), one of the few cult electro-jazz albums. The song is a pure dream, with an amazingly well composed contrast between the fast beat and a softer jazzy touch given by the light piano notes and saxophone solos. The light lullaby on the back gives me delightful chills and got me hooked. I hope you will enjoy this song as much as I did over the past 16 years.**"** 

+ ## Seb Wildblood – Jazz Vol. 1
_Laura_: **"**I just discovered Seb Wildblood this week and I immediately connected his sound to Llorca’s. Nostalgic, hypnotic, it perfectly moves through classic jazz and house music. Seb Wildblood is a young DJ and producer from South London on the rise.**"**

+ ## Quantic & His Combo Babaro – Undelivered Letter
_Laura_: **"**To continue in the same travelling vein, let me introduce Quantic aka Will Holland, a British DJ and producer signed on the prestigious Tru Thoughts label who loves to blend latin music with Soul and Electronic sounds. This song comes from his first album as Quantic & His Combo Babaro which highlights in a brilliant way his Columbian influences.**"**

+ ## Urbs & Cutex – Up & Down
_Laura_: **"**Urbs & Cutex is quite a mystery. Formed by the DJs David Schuller and Paul Nawrata, the duo only released two albums in 2004 before completely vanishing. But this track remains iconic in the downtempo-hip-hop spheres. Up & Down makes me feel light hearted and inspired every single time I listen to it.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That’s all folks ! Thanks to [Llorca](https://soundcloud.com/llorcaofficial) for his participation and [Pierre-Julien](http://www.pierrejulienfieux.com/) for the illustration. Have a jazzy Sunday ! </p>
