---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
---
<p id="introduction">Intro</p>


# **Tom Day’s selection**

+ ## H Hunt - Rice Wine
_Tom Day_: **"**Harry and i have been close friends since we were about 13, last year i recorded him playing piano in paris, as a present for his dad. it's a record i'm very proud to have taken part in, even if in a small way. i listen to it a lot when cooking, or falling asleep. 'rice wine' is a beautiful example of a piece of music which itself takes time to wake up, and so it is perfect to wake up with.**"**

+ ## Cluster - Sowiesoso
_Tom Day_: **"**So, you stayed at my place, we already listened to 'rice wine', i'm in the other room makin' breakfast and i've opened the blinds and left this on. that's a nice morning to me.**"**

+ ## Haruomi Hosono - Pleocene
_Tom Day_: **"**A real sunday classic here; this is a 'socks on' kind of moment, not yet got ya trousies on but you're feelin like "this is gonna be a good one".**"**


# Mailtape's selection

+ ## Infinite Bisous - Life + you
_Olivier_: **"**Many words could describe this song: a hurricane, a slow dance, a catharsis... It feels very raw, honest and personal, and is so beautiful.**"** 

+ ## These New Puritans - The Way I Do
_Olivier_: **"**These New Puritans has been a favorite band of mine for years now, and this song is one of my favorites. It starts very simply, and layers up until reaching this kind of tragic yet very optimistic ending. It is a quiet moment suspended in time, calming and awakening.**"**


+ ## Ménage à Trois - Conditional Love
_Olivier_: **"**This song feels like being in a car, windows open, driving endlessly on a hot summer day, the wind blowing inside making the temperature perfect, wearing sunglasses, foolishly smiling. Perfect.**"**

+ ## Ben Ji - Anchors
_Olivier_: **"**I couldn’t stop listening to this song after hearing it for the first time and I still don’t really know why. It’s a bit all over the place. It’s like that tiny hyperactive moment after your first coffee, when you feel like you can do anything and nothing can stop you.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That’s all folks! Thanks to [Tom Day](https://www.facebook.com/infinitebisous/ "Facebook") for his participation and [Camille Célestin](http://pierrejulienfieux.com/ "Site") for the illustration. Have a Sunday full of love! </p>

