---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: Louise
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, [Julien Marchal](https://julienmarchal.bandcamp.com/) has something unique to share. A contemporary pianist and composer from Bordeaux, France. His contemplative and minimalist pieces seem to be an invocation of the classical art. Melancholic and yet uplifting, here’s an artist whose harmony will lend you the peace of mind you so deserve as you touch upon on the world of modern classical. 
</p>

# Here and now

Having drawn inspiration from the likes of Eric Satie and Philip Glass, his piano pieces go on to orchestrate the symphony of life. With each passing note, the listener is brought close to the realization that life is here and now. There’s a calmness that solemnly settles in you; causing you to slowly and mindfully accepting life as it is. That said, one is often left to wonder, that if there were to be a musical expression of life, it couldn’t have been more precise than this. 


# Julien Marchal's selection

## Novo Amor & Ed Tullett - Faux
_Julien Marchal_: **"**First listen of this track, the only thing I was thinking was : « who’s that voice? I want to work with him! ». I really like the work of Novo Amor (Ali Lacey) and Ed Tullett. I think they’ve created a beautiful duo of composer and I hope they will continue to create some other beautiful songs like this one.**"**

##  Christian Loeffler - Mare (Robot Koch Remix) 
_Julien Marchal_: **"**Because I love the warmth and the deep of his basses, the minimal electronic composition with sound design addition on his tracks. And even more since we’re collaborate. **"**

## Jonwayne - These Words Are Everything
_Julien Marchal_: **"**I love Jonwayne’s music to give more energy without being excited. I love so much different kind of music that I would like to make 100 different mailtapes. ;) **"**


# MailTape's selection

## Julien Marchal - INSIGHT XXI 
_ImaCrea_: **"**Music for the XXIth century. I guess it's the colors of autumn which have inspired me to cross the path of Julien's music. Introspective and touching, as if I woke up in the forest with morning ray of sunlight caressing my skin.**"**

## Kiefer - Wdup v5
_ImaCrea_: **"**Ping-pong with Jonwayne.**"**

## Synkro - Hand in Hand
_ImaCrea_: **"**Morning levitation.**"**

##  Porya Hatami - Land Remixed - Snow (Pleq Remix) 
_ImaCrea_: **"**Now, fly...**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all for today. Thanks for listening love to [Julien Marchal](https://julienmarchal.bandcamp.com/) for being our guest.</p>
