---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: ImaCrea
illustrator: William Girault
writer: ImaCrea
category: '251'
guest_name: Joakim
guest_color: trippy
guestPic: guestPic251.jpg
track1_link: >-
  https://soundcloud.com/juanfdedalus/akira-1988-original-soundtrack-kanedas-theme
track2_link: 'https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mailtapetracks/251/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/hankookryles/you-that-i-need'
track4_link: 'https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mailtapetracks/251/track4.mp3'
track5_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/hajutapes/loving-the-not-real-lake'
track6_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/the-flying-camel/iaso-tomita-debussy-arabesque'
track7_link: 'https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/mailtapetracks/251/track7.mp3'
track1_title: Akira - Kaneda's Theme
track1_color: vibrant
track2_title: Workdub - Caravan
track2_color: trippy
track3_title: Dwight Sykes - You That I Need
track3_color: dreamy
track4_title: Joakim - Samuraï
track4_color: bliss
track5_title: Loving - The Not Real Lake
track5_color: dreamy
track6_title: Isao Tomita - Arabesque No. 1
track6_color: trippy
track7_title: 'Jump Source - All My Love is Free '
track7_color: vibrant
---
<p id="introduction">sddssd </p>

# Joakim’s selection

## Akira - Kaneda's Theme
_Joakim_: **"**There is kind of a manga sound track influence into my album but in a indirect way. It is not directly influenced by this kind of music but also by the experimental music which have been inspired by manga. I think about Oneohtrix Point Never for example, who has directly been influenced by this kind of music a lot, like the soundtrack of Ghost in the Shell. 

I believe Oneohtrix is probably the most interesting artist at the moment in experimental music. Full stop. I've actually always been very influenced by japanese culture which has been fascinating me for a while. I was even reading Mishima when while writing the album. It surely influenced me a lot during the making of the album, like the track Samurai for example. **"**

## Workdub - Caravan 
_Joakim_: **"**This is a track which has been reedited by the label Music for Memory, a Dutch label founded by Taco, one of the greatest digger I know. They do a lot a reedition of dudes from the 80s 90s with a sort of DIY style. This is an approach which is somehow quite comparable to mine. I have been quite inspired by all of the records they recently published. 

They all are very ambiant style music and sort of new age, done with sort of very limited resources. This particular track is really funky but with a Talking Heads touch as well. It fully corresponds to the music I like, which is hard to define and sort of challenges genres.**"**

## Dwight Sykes - You That I Need
_Joakim_: **"**This one is very DIY style too, but this one is pure funk. I think it was produced in the 80's, and reedited by the American Label PPU. It may be related to the fact that I moved to NYC, but there are a few funk tracks which inspired me lately, ans especially this kind of funk from the early 80s, with lots beat box, Prince, etc.. A very slapped bass line.

I often start to work on tracks from a groove. That's very important to me. That's why I am really obsessed by this kind of music.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## Joakim - Samouraï
_ImaCrea_: **"**To me, this track encompass the spirit of his [new album to be released on March the 17th](http://smarturl.it/JoakimSamurai). Managing to source inspiration from so many various dimensions and still finding a way to mix them into a minimalistic yet perfect japanese landscape is a sign of wisdom. Here, Joakim shares a turning point in his life with such sincerity and emotion it couldn't not be selected for this issue.**"** 

## Loving - The Not Real Lake
_ImaCrea_: **"**kj**"**

## Isao Tomita - Arabesque No 1
_ImaCrea_: **"** I follow them since long time and didn't get the success they deserve, at all. It can"t be like this anymore. From Tel Aviv, Butturing Trio make the most classy and original dub I've heard since longtime. [Two crazy producers behind a saxophonist/singer frontgirl](https://youtu.be/HsfzMudFWHA) is the recipe. **"**

## Jump Source - All My Love is Free
_ImaCrea_: **"**This track is all about [temporality](https://youtu.be/D9-R2RDXRWo). Its construction has pushed me. There is a concrete beggining, there is an end, OK. But there isn't a middle, and you're constantly waiting for the drop who gonna bring you to the heart of the song. But there isn't and at the end, you just realize that you've loved it !  **"**


<p id="outroduction">That’s everything from us this morning! Thanks to Max Future for his collaboration and Anaïs for the illustration. Have a great Sunday!</p>
