---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: Jules
illustrator: Thibault Daumain
writer: Jules
category: '378'
guest_name: DJ Yoda
guest_color: bliss
episode_URL: 'https://mailta.pe/378/dj-yoda/'
guestPic: guestPic378.jpg
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning, 
<br><br>

</p>


# DJ Yoda's selection


## O.C. - Burn Me Slow
DJ Yoda: **"**O.C. is a super under-rated rapper to me, he's kind of like an even more underground Nas. He's got a huge catalogue of amazing music, but I'm a real sucker for any hip-hop beats with pianos, so this says Sunday morning to me.**"**

## The Gap Band - Yearning For Your Love
DJ Yoda: **"**I love 80s soul. I have a whole alter ego that I dedicate to this kind of music. ("[Sparkle Motion](https://sparkle-motion.bandcamp.com/releases)" - look it up!). This was famously sampled by Nas on "Life's A Bitch", but the original is just as good, if not better.**"**

## Lightnin' Hopkins - Too Many Drivers
DJ Yoda: **"**My go-to listening at the moment is very old blues. I like the primitive recording quality of all this stuff - it sounds of an era, and it really takes you somewhere. I listen to a lot of bluesy/film soundtrack stuff too. No beats at all is sometimes a good antidote to a Saturday night of a lot of beats.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## DJ Yoda - Roxbury (feat. Edo.G and Nubya Garcia)
Jules: **"****"**

## CunninLynguists - Remember Me (Abstract/Reality)
Jules: **"****"**

## Blind MIC - Really On
Jules: **"****"**

## Wilma Vritra - Harness
Jules: **"****"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! Thank you so much for joining us. Much love and respect to [DJ Yoda](https://djyoda.bandcamp.com/) for sharing his Sunday selections. This episode is also the opportunity to introduce a new illustrator in the MailTape collective: many thanks to [Thibault Daumain](http://thibaultdaumain.fr/) for his first stunning illustration! </p>
