---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: Anaïs G
illustrator: Pierre-Julien Fieux
category: '365'
guest_name: Ann O'Aro
guest_color: trippy
guestPic: guestPic365.jpg
track7_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/maya-kamaty/d-i-a-m-p-a-r-bonus-track'
track6_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/lamastrock/somin-lamour?in=lamastrock/sets/saodaj'
track5_link: >-
  https://soundcloud.com/buff-medb-neretin/rosemary-standley-dom-la-nena-sega-jacquot
track1_link: >-
  https://soundcloud.com/user-989696101/dakh-daughters-rozy-donbass-live-acoustic
track3_color: trippy
track4_color: vibrant
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/365/Ann-O''-Aro/'
musiColor: musiColor365
track1_title: Dakh Daughters - Rozy Donbass
track1_color: rough
track2_title: 'Björk -  All is full of love '
track2_color: vibrant
track3_title: Sainkho Namtchylak - Violet River
track4_title: 'Ann O''Aro - '
track5_title: Rosemary Standley & Dom La Nena - Sega Jacquot
track5_color: bliss
---
 
<p id="introduction">This morning, we take a one-way trip to La Réunion. Beaches as far as the eye can see, mountainous landscapes almost volcanic, kitchen smells that would make you want to eat a typical dish when you wake up ... This is often the image this island gives! It is through my half Creole boyfriend and especially through artists like Ann O Aro that we have another facet of this intense island.
  
<br><br>
The history of our heritage, of our ancestors, of our wounds and of our experience Anne Oaro transcribes it with such force in these words that we cannot stand still in the face of this music with deep roots. In Reunion Creole, she tells us her story on airs of maloya.
</p>




# Ann O'Aro's selection


## Dakh Daughters  -  Rozy Donbass
Ann O'Aro: **"**The first time I listened to this band, I had a few projects about musik, dance and theater with friends, mostly women plugged on "sorority".If I had hooked to this concept, obviously this track will be his very illustration : mix of fighting energy, spoken words, an evocation of resilience and beauty, a way to become yourself. I absolutly love repeating patterns, the rage of the bow and these cries, true explosion of expressive being.**"**

## Björk - All is full of love
Ann O'Aro: **"**This song testifies to the period of my life when I could feel absolutely miserable and invincible at once with an absolute creed: you attract what you dread.I was 15 years old and I was singing that in my head when my father hit me for the last time. I felt that he was afraid of me and that the roles were finally reversed. This is the beginning of both combat and inner peace.**"**

## Sainkho Namtchylak - Violet River
Ann O'Aro: **"**Listening to that song, her voice has both dried the water from my mouth and filled my eyes. There are landscapes in there. As if she scanned the surrounding reliefs, establishing an accurate map of the world, touching the oral territories of Aboriginal peoples. From its tongues that say steppes and tundras, desert or ocean, specifying the shape of a common rock. As an augmented or fragmented reality. A trip in her company is a bit like some discussions, an update of the filter by which I see the world.**"**


# MailTape's selection


## Ann O'Aro - 
Anaïs G: **"**  **"**

## Rosemary Standley & Dom La Nena - Sega Jacquot
Anaïs G: **"** **"**

## Saodaj' - Somin Lamour
Anaïs G: **"** **"**

## Maya Kamaty - Diampar
Jules: **"****"**



<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! As always thank you so much for listening. Much love and respect to Ann O'Aro for her Sunday selections, and to [Pierre-Julien Fieux](https://pierrejulienfieux.com/) for this episode's cool illustration. </p>
