---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: Anaïs G
writer: Anaïs G
guest_name: Öly
guest_color: trippy
track1_title: Melody Gardot - If The Stars Were Mine
track1_color: bliss
track2_title: Ben Howard - Keep Your Head Up
track2_color: vibrant
track3_title: Agnes Obel - Familiar
track3_color: dreamy
track4_title: Öly - Cute
track5_title: 'Julia Jacklin - Turn Me Down '
track5_color: dreamy
track6_title: Ainsley Farrell - Dark Spell
track6_color: bliss
track6_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/370/track6.mp3'
track7_title: Lenparrot - Fixture Picture (Aldous Harding Cover)
track7_color: vibrant
track7_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/370/track7.mp3'
category: '370'
guestPic: guestPic370.jpg
episode_URL: 'https://mailta.pe/370/Öly/'
musiColor: musiColor370.png
track1_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/370/Track%201.mp3'
track5_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/370/Track%205.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/370/track4.mp3'
track4_color: bliss
track2_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/370/Track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/370/Track3.mp3'
illustrator: Camille Célestin
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, as we dive into this new year, I put on my earphones and browse the internet in quest of the new gem that will please your Sunday morning mood. Öly was the chosen one. 

<br><br>
  
This trio from Toulouse offers us something unique and hybrid. A mix of pop and trip-hop, enveloped by the soft and slightly poignant voice of a talented vocalist. Laura’s compositions are a nest of musical surprises, punctuated by Beatbox and cello vibrations… But I will let you gently discover this morning’s selection included their own music. 
</p>

# Öly's selection

## Melody Gardot – If the Stars Were Mine
_Öly_: **"**What better way to wake up than with Melody Gardot whispering a love song to your ears ? I find in this track the perfect mix between the jazzy music that brings me right back to the summer beaches and the sweetness of here voice to start a beautiful day at a Sunday morning pace.**"**

## Ben Howard – Keep Your Head Up
_Öly_: **"**I listen to this song exclusively with my morning coffee in my hand. The acoustic guitar’s  gimmick gives a good pace to start the day without being too aggressive, I also love the positive lyrics «  Keep your head up, keep your heart strong … »  **"**

## Agnes Obel – Familiar
_Öly_: **"**I love melodies similar to lacework in songs, and when I am surprised by new sound effects, hooks or singularities in voices. Agnès Obel songs always satisfies my ears in succeeding to make them attentive to each element of instrumentation  between her fragile harmonised voices, a structured piano and a beautiful use of strings textures (particularly if it's cellos). In this "Familiar" song, a melancholic and dark universe is described in a unique way with the special use of a "male effect" on her voice. Dreamy trip garanteed.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## Öly – Cute
_Anaïs G_:  **"**« Cute », extract from their first EP, « Time to Go » is a refreshing mix of pop and trip hop. Öly truly masters the art of melting simplicity and sensibility within just one organic song.**"**


## Julia Jacklin – Turn Me Down 
_Anaïs G_: **"**As I stroll around the sites of the « Festival Check in Party » taking place in Gueret at the end of August, a voice resonates to me from the main stage. Clear and twirling around my ears, Julia Jacklin’s music profoundly touched me with its very first notes. It was a blissful moment.**"**

## Ainsley Farrell – Dark Spell
_Anaïs G_: **"**Just as Julia Jacklin’s profoundly touched me, certain artists are able to transcend you in an instant. Such is the case of Ansley Farrel. His « Dark Spell » released just a while ago, hypnotized me instantly. It allows me to travel, to escape my everyday routing. It is light and raw with a pinch of purity in his voice that is quite unique.**"**

## Lenparrot – Fixture Picture ( Aldous Harding Cover)
_Anaïs G_: **"**This song by Aldous Harding is an incredible ballade but the cover by Lenparrot that I appreciate dearly, has nothing to envy the original. It is majestic, just as an angel appears from above, like the first ray of the morning sun…. It is beautiful, magic, and ends, just like this playlist, in a beautiful and enchanting spiral.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! As always thank you for listening. Much love and respect to Öly for his selection, and to [Camille Célestin](https://camillecelestin.com/) for her brilliant illustration!. </p>
