---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: Anaïs G
illustrator: Pierre-Julien Fieux
writer: Anaïs G
category: '347'
guest_name: Nära
guest_color: bliss
track1_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/undayrecords/tamino-habibi-1'
track3_link: >-
  https://soundcloud.com/user-335737948/fela-kuti-trouble-sleep-yanga-wake-am-1972
track1_title: Tamino - Habibi
track1_color: vibrant
track2_title: Orange Blossom - Maria
track2_color: trippy
track3_title: Fela Kuti - Trouble Sleep Yanga Wake Am
track3_color: bliss
track4_title: 'Nära - Home '
track5_title: Alko B - Elephant Room
track5_color: dreamy
track7_title: "Deena Abdelwahed – Rabbouni\_"
track7_color: trippy
track6_title: Derya Yıldırım & Grup Şimşek - Oy Oy Emine
track6_color: trippy
guestPic: guestPic347.jpg
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/347/Nära'
track4_color: vibrant
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, everything is closed: apartment, job, family, friends, boyfriend and cat or dog, to go on an adventure, meet new territories and new cultures. This morning, many horizons open up to us in the company of Nära, filled with hopes and demands, but above all with love and sharing.
<br><br>
Music to see, to rise, to hear. Music to love, to live and to feel. Music to open your eyes». These are the words of the Nära group, as a realisation of the world around us, they enchant us with their subtle and powerful pop-oriental. </p>


# Nära's selection

## Tamino - Habibi
_Nära_: **"**Soft and deep, this track stuns us everytime. Sunday morning at the break of dawn, with a delightful coffe, you will be rocked by this wonderful voice.**"**

## Orange Blossom - Maria
_Nära_: **"**This duo always surprises us. This time they went to Egypt to offer us a music that mixes Pink Floyd, Oum Khaltoum and Joy Division. We love this refreshing blend of oriental melodies and electronic music.**"**

## Fela Kuti - Trouble Sleep Yanga Wake Am
_Nära_: **"**Known as the Black President, Fela Kuti uses music as weapon against the dictatorship in his country. This is also how we feel music. It's a powerful way to bring people together. This track gives us the energy to continue our dream : offering people good vibes by mixing different musical cultures.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## Nära - Home
_Anaïs G_: **"** **"**

## Alko B - Elephant Room
_Anaïs G_: **"** **"**

## Derya Yıldırım & Grup Şimşek - Oy Oy Emine
_Anaïs G_: **"** **"**!


## Deena Abdelwhaed - Rabbouni
_Anaïs G_: **"** **"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning. As always thanks so much for listening. Much respect to Nära for her Sunday selections today, and to Pierre-Julien Fieux for this episode's cool illustration.</p>








