---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
track1_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/399/track1.mp3'
guestPic: guestPic399.jpg
guest_name: Nope
guest_color: vibrant
category: '399'
writer: Anaïs G
illustrator: Thibault Daumain
track2_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/399/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/399/track3.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/399/track4.mp3'
track5_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/399/track5.mp3'
track6_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/399/track6.mp3'
track1_title: Dreamville - Sacrifices
track1_color: dreamy
track2_title: Rema - Dumebi
track2_color: bliss
track3_title: Mac Miller - Hand Me Downs
track3_color: dreamy
track4_title: Nope - Silence feat Rob
track4_color: vibrant
track5_title: Jaïa Rose - 4-0
track5_color: bliss
track6_title: Mélodie Lauret -Tes Cheveux
track6_color: dreamy
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/399/nope/'
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic399.png'
musiColor: musiColor399.png
author: Anaïs G
track7_color: vibrant
track7_title: Fury 1991 - Dechued Amo Feat Aramy
---
<p id="introduction">Silence, the act of keeping quiet or saying nothing. The city is a place where noise is king to give way to the calm invading the streets, shops, parks. Empty, almost deserted places. . . Nature, on the other hand, is taking back its rights, little by little, reminding us every day that it must be cherished and respected. The Nope group shows us the way on this Sunday full of hope and calm!
<br><br>
Nope, a duet composed of Néha and Posti takes us into a jazzy-rap atmosphere that puts us in a forced confinement. Their debut EP "Silence" was released on March 6th on the Orleans label "Offline" created by three beatmakers: Astronote, AAyhasis and Chilea's.
</p>


# Nope's selection

## Dreamville - Sacrifices
Nope: **"**After saturday's night fever comes the sunday's hangover moments, Sacrices from Dreamville helps me to start a new day with a smooth vibe for the waking up and a bit of energy to get me out of bed.**"**

## Rema - Dumebi
Nope: **"**Rema's voice and all the sounds give me crazy energy, this song helps me get up on the right foot every day I hear it. All the elements are gathered to bring us into the world of the artist who is only 19 years old. If you need motivation to go to work or to a party where you don't want to go, you need to listen to this asap!**"**

## Mac Miller - Hand Me Downs
Nope: **"**This song is just ... waaaaouh. Mac Miller's death was and still is a real loss for the music world. This guy had a crazy talent especially to put words on these feelings and put them to music in the beautiful way as possible. There're so many emotions in this song that it's impossible to feel nothing. This track sounds like a masterpiece in my ears.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## Nope - Silence feat Rob
Anaïs G: **"** **"**

## Jaïa Rose - 4-0
Anaïs G: **"** **"**

## Mélodie Lauret - Tes Cheveux
Anaïs G: **"** **"**

## - 
Anaïs G: **"** **"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning. As always, thank you so much for joining us this Sunday. Much love and respect to Nope for his Sunday selections, and to Thibault Daumain for his brilliant illustration.</p>
