---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
musiColor: musiColor389.png
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic389.png'
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/389/the-brums/'
track7_color: dreamy
track7_title: Apex Twin  - IZ US
track6_color: vibrant
track6_title: 'Pavane - Plumes '
track4_color: trippy
track4_title: The Brums - Fuzzy
track3_color: rough
track3_title: Autechre - Y9
track2_color: trippy
track2_title: Archie Shepp – The Magic of Ju-Ju
track1_color: vibrant
track1_title: Bjork - Utopia
track7_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/389/track7.mp3'
track6_link: >-
  https://soundcloud.com/pavane-music/plumes?in=pavane-music/sets/pavane-ep2-pppp
track5_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/troublemakers/get-misunderstood'
track4_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/luikrec/fuzzy?in=luikrec/sets/the-brums'
track3_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/389/track3.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/389/track2.mp3'
track1_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/389/track1.mp3'
guestPic: guestPic
guest_color: trippy
guest_name: The Brums
writer: Anaïs G
illustrator: Pierre-Julien Fieux
author: Anaïs G
category: '389'
track5_title: Troublemarkers - Get Misunderstood
track5_color: vibrant
description: >-
  This morning, we experiment and mix several things to arrive at an almost
  perfect musical mess. Our ears are not used to it, so it takes notice of
  certain sounds while exploring as yet unknown paths. The band The Brums will
  brighten up our morning to see more clearly.
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, we experiment and mix several things to arrive at an almost perfect musical mess. Our ears are not used to it, so it takes notice of certain sounds while exploring as yet unknown paths. The band The Brums will brighten up our morning to see more clearly.
<br><br>
Coming from Belgium, in Liege, The Brums surprise and amaze with so many colours and mix of styles from jazz to hip-hop. A quator who takes the audience out of its habits to witness a new experience.
</p>

# The Brums' selection

## Bjork – Utopia
_The Brums_: **"**We've been following Bjork since her album "Debut". She's been skin shedding a thousand times since then, always reinventing herself boldly.**"**

## Archie Shepp – The Magic of Ju-Ju
_The Brums_: **"**Archie Shepp makes music with his guts, his sound feels huge and crushing. This kind of blend between groove and rant is really inspiring for us.**"**

##  Autechre - Y9
_The Brums_: **"**Autechre because of their unique way of exploring music.In "y7", the even and soft beat and the multiple bass' layers show an incredible finess in texture and rhythm.The musical landscape they build is always coherent, they manage to combine polyrythm, groove and texture with a strong and instantly recognizable artistic signature...it's very impressive.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## The Brums – Fuzzy
_Anaïs G_: **"** Parfois,la symbiose est-elle que cela devient inexplicable. Pour The Brums c'est un peu ce que j'ai ressenti quand j'ai écouté    **"**

## Troublemakers – Get Misunderstood
_Anaïs G_: **"**J'étais entrain d'écouter les podcasts "Des Pieds Sur Terre" une émission passant sur France Culture, quand je fus transporté par la musique du générique. Quelque chose de décousu au premier abords, avec un extrait d'un dialogue de Jean-Pierre Leaud tiré du film "La naissance de l'Amour" de Philippe Garrel. Une douceur telle une caresse, et d'une classe inroyable!  **"**

## Pavane – Plumes
_Anaïs G_: **"**I discovered Pavane when they came to Orleans in 2015 for La Tournée Bistrophonique. It was for me a musical love at first sight, something that can't be explained... I remember the emotion I felt when the first notes of the title "L'échappée" resounded in La Salle de L'Institut. While waiting for a next EP, I hope, here is "Plumes" from their EP "pppp" released in 2016, an organic journey, a breath of fresh air in this world around us.*"**

## Aphex Twin – IZ-US
_Anaïs G_: **"**Discovered a very short time ago, this Aphex Twin title is gliding, beautiful, subtle... Excerpt from the EP "Come To Daddy" this may not be the best of his career but it is perfect for this experimental playlist.**"**


<p id="outroduction"> That's it for this morning. As always, thank you so much for joining us this Sunday. Much love and respect to The Brums for their Sunday selections, and Pierre-Julien Fieux for his brilliant illustration!</p>





AUTECHRE - y7
