---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
track5_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/mathilde-fernandez/oubliette-2'
track1_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com/400/track1.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com/400/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com/400/track3.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.eu-west-3.amazonaws.com/400/track4.mp3'
category: '400'
guest_name: P.R2B
guest_color: vibrant
writer: Daisy
illustrator: Camille Célestin
author: ImaCrea
track6_link: >-
  https://soundcloud.com/boltingbits/premiere-dj-windows-xp-sometimes-i-feel-sad-sometimes-happy
track7_link: >-
  https://soundcloud.com/awesometapesfromafrica/professor-rhythm-professor-3-coming-out-1-june
track1_title: Kanye West & Kid Cudi - Feel The Love
track2_title: Christophe - Dangereuse
track3_title: 'Ella Jenkins - Wake up, little sparrow'
track4_title: P.R2B Océan Forever
track5_title: Mathilde Fernandez - Oubliette
track6_title: 'DJ Windows XP - Sometimes I Feel Sad, Sometimes Happy'
track7_title: Professor Rhythm — Professor 3
track1_color: vibrant
track2_color: dreamy
track3_color: dreamy
track4_color: vibrant
track5_color: vibrant
track6_color: rough
track7_color: vibrant
guestPic: guestPic400.jpg
description: >-
  This morning, it’s our 400th episode and the gravitational pull of the musical
  universe is strong, compelling us to wake up all our senses and emotions, our
  entire minds and acuities. Let’s fully inhabit the spaces that we find
  ourselves confined in, grounding and charging ourselves ready to release
  energy through a beautiful and spontaneous moment of contact improvisation.
musiColor: musiColor400.png
episode_URL: 'https://mailta.pe/400/p.r2b'
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic400.png'
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, it’s our 400th episode and the gravitational pull of the musical universe is strong, compelling us to wake up all our senses and emotions, our entire minds and acuities. Let’s fully inhabit the spaces that we find ourselves confined in, grounding and charging ourselves ready to release energy through a beautiful and spontaneous moment of contact improvisation.

Both [P.R2B](https://soundcloud.com/pauline-r2b)’s music and selection are vibrant reminders that music is the perfect medium through which we can find more freedom than limits, at all times and in all places. Our newly domestic geography may be full of modification and compromise, yet in it we can still encounter mysteries. Tangled clouds of hope and grief seem to make for a blurry and uncertain distance, but in love and solidarity, we’re going to ride out towards it together.
</p>


# P.R2B's selection

## Kanye West - Feel the love

P.R2B: **"**When I listened to Feel the love for the first time, I was shocked by the production of the track.
It begins just with the vocals and the bass and it seems like the song will be only that. But at 1’08, the miracle happens. We hear tribal drums with screams. It moves me for it sounds like a scream of rebellion.**"**

## Christophe - Dangereuse

P.R2B: **"**This track is one of my favorite songs by Christophe. I adore the lyrics. I love his way of telling us about tiny details of life and making poetry out of them.
One of my favorite sentences is “13h, trésor, des mouvements délicats”
Christophe is a maestro of intimacy. Every time I hear a track of his, it seems like he’s just close to us in the night.
I love the opening of the track with the strings. It reminds me of the soundtracks in Hitchcock’s movies. The love song is like a thriller film.**"**

## Ella Jenkins - Wake up, little sparrow

P.R2B: **"**I love folk music. My father was a big fan of Mississippi John Hurt and Sister Rosetta Tharpe.
Listening to folk music has the same effect on me than the feeling of coming home. Even if it’s not my home or my culture. But it’s like the essence of things.
The song Wake up, little sparrow is a perfect example of that. It’s a song for children. I love everything about that track, the fragility of the recording, that tender guitar, the simplicity of the lyrics, and among these the soul of Ella Jenkins’ voice. It brings tears every time.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## P.R2B - Océan Forever
ImaCrea: **"**There's something in this synth deeply nostalgic. It reactivates some kind of mixed souvenirs, half-real half-fictional, from the 90's on a soundtrack by Daft Punk. But then, the ample mastering with these wide bass and the powerful declamation contained in her lyrics push me back to 2020. P.R2B gives us here an hymn for emancipation and living fully. It's no time to put your heart into lockdown, quiet the contrary actually.**"**

## Mathilde Fernandez - Oubliette
ImaCrea: **"**It's been months I'm regularly getting back to this track from Mathilde Fernandez. I never get bored of it and given the lockdown context, I feel its dramatic intensity sharper than ever. Swirl, swirl, swirl... Let anxiety fade away. One day we'll all be reunited in joy and love. Peace.**"**

## DJ Windows XP - Sometimes I Feel Sad, Sometimes Happy
ImaCrea: **"**Shake, dance, push, pull, jump !**"**

## Professor Rhythm — Professor 3
ImaCrea: **"**Makes me smile smile smile smile smile.... Yo! YO! yo! Yo! YO! YO! yo! YO! Pure gem full of life. A timecapsule from final years of apartheid in South Africa. Dancing is punk a.f in these times, it's a revolutionary act.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning. As always, thank you so much for joining us this Sunday. Much love and respect to P.R2B for her Sunday selection, to Celestin for her inspiring illustration and to Daisy for her empowering writings.</p>
