---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
---
<p id="introduction">Welcome back to a new season of MailTape! This morning we welcome Chicago-based woozy noodler [Beau Wanzer](https://beauwanzer.bandcamp.com/) to select three contorted Sunday morning tunes with us. 
<br><br>
A molecular biologist who has a fluency with machines, Beau Wanzer brings the experimentation from his day job to his music with innovative experiments, splicing, and twisted knob-twiddling.
</p>


# T. Gowdy's selection

## Those Who Walk Away – First Degraded Hymn 
T. Gowdy: **"**a favourite record on constellation. it evokes the feeling of floating through space, I can hear my breath, and there's a string ensemble rehearsing disjointed passages of neo-15th century riffs in the distance, a dream.**"**

## Ulla – Leaves and Wish
T. Gowdy: **"**a highlight release this year. this track makes me want to sink deeper and deeper and deeper and deeper into its corners. addictive listening. on a sunday morning sometimes I want to listen to music passively. other times, it’s cool to meditate on something. this is the track.**"**

## Folder – Reset
T. Gowdy: **"**a collaboration project between ultrafog, mdo and ᕦ(ò_óˇ)ᕤ. this piece resets any clusters of neurons that have been colliding together during the busy work week. a refreshing sunday morning smoothy of fuzz and submersion**"**


# MailTape's selection

## T. Gowdy – Therapy With Colour
Sanjay: **"**Driven by arcane machines, this is a slinky and deeply groovy cut with a brilliant snake-hipped chugger of a bassline.**"**

## Isnaj Dui – Fjoeg
Sanjay: **"**[Klein](https://klein1997.bandcamp.com/) seems to conceive her existence as a waking nightmare with this fever dream of twisted wailing, breathy coughs and sped-up cackling. Not for the faint-hearted, Klein has the ability to convey an eerie and emotional story which flows like a transcendent mix—each track building on top of the previous one for a jarring impact.**"**

## Félicia Atkinson – This is the Gate
Sanjay: **"**I think shades of Beatrice Dillon can be heard in Cork-born, Berlin-based [ELLLL](https://soundcloud.com/ellll)'s queasy sonic atmospheres. Not least in this track from 'POLARBERGS' with its floaty collapsed dembow rhythms and warped choral samples.**"**

## Kali Malone – Litanic Cloth Wrung
Sanjay: **"**An oldie but an unhinged goodie from [Xao Seffcheque](http://seffcheque.com/). This sardonic and rollicking track sounds like a long lost NYC no wave gem crossed with weirdo synthpop. Daft vocals, saxophone, offbeat looping rhythms and circus vibes are abundant. Was he taking the piss? Who knows.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! As always, thank you so much for joining us. Much love to [Beau Wanzer](https://beauwanzer.bandcamp.com/) for his Sunday selections and to [Jason Pridham](https://www.instagram.com/grancharismo/) for this episode's suitably trippy illustration.</p>

