---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: Sanjay Mistry
illustrator: Camille Célestin
writer: Sanjay Mistry
category: '411'
guest_name: Širom
guest_color: trippy
guestPic: guestPic411.jpg
---
<p id="introduction">This morning we welcome [Širom](http://siromband.si/) to select three eclectic Sunday morning tunes with us. They are a trio whose members stem from the regions of Prekmurje, Tolminsko and Kras. 
<br><br>
Combining vocals with the dreamiest electro-jazz, balmy ambient dub and languid grooves, Michal Turtle's music feels entirely appropriate for these unseasonably warm and breezy days.
</p>


# Širom's selection

## Hexenbrutal – Giant Postpone
Iztok Koren: **"**"The concert has been postponed". The new mantra? Hexenbrutal, a Slovenian noisecore drone duo, gives you a relieving soundtrack for your postpone: "postpone" or Postpone anxiety. P.s. Sunday mornings have not been postponed yet.:)**"**

## All Strings Detached – What To Do Love
Ana Kravanja: **"**All strings detached is a great new project, composed by two Slovenian singers and songwriters, Jana Beltran and Vesna Godler with a septet.**"**

## Olfamož – Pokadim Dim Trave
Samo Kutin: **"**Funny word play in this song creates an interesting rhytm and nice uplifting feeling. Suitable for Sunday mornings. Olfamož is a very talented and versatile Slovenian artist, Andrej Fon.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## Širom – Low Probability of a Hug
Sanjay: **"**Širom’s music is a surrealist romp, mixing minimalism and Balkan folk in a way that appears to warp, warble and waver. Evoking images of twilight dances around a fire, this track teases with harmonies carefully emerging from the droning dirge created by an impressive range of instruments from each member of the trio.**"**

## Jerusalem In My Heart – Layali Al-Rast
Sanjay: **"**The electroacoustic duo of guitarist Kallie Lampel and cellist Steve Goodwin (aka Skeleton Zoo) combine hypnotic guitar loops, electroacoustic sounds and shimmering electronics to create a somewhat hazy, rusty and cinematic sound. Transportive.**"**

## 75 Dollar Bill – I Was Real
Sanjay: **"**A peaceful and almost pastoral homage to Albert Ayler, originally composed by a master from the first generation of the AACM, Leroy Jenkins.**"**

## Matana Roberts – Her Mighty Waters Run
Sanjay: **"**Anarchist Mountains is a duet project between Jordan Christoff & Stefan Christoff. Devoid of computer sounds, screens or presets, their meditative and ambient palette of sounds uses only synthesizers, organ, various hardware effects and field recordings.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! As always, thank you so much for joining us. Much love to [Širom](http://siromband.si/) for their Sunday selections, and to [Camille Célestin](https://camillecelestin.com/) for this episode's brilliant illustration.</p>
