---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, we are pleased to welcome [Floam](https://floam.bandcamp.com/) to select three Sunday morning songs. 

Marc Desse, a French singer and musician, mixes hedonist texts with a laid-back style, creating spontaneously a warm and languid sound. If you listen carefully, you should be able to detect pretty easily some influences from bands like Aline or Taxi Girl.

His last luminous songs promise an energizing and romantic album (coming soon). An album that we imagine as a declaration of love for the city, with a new track titled "Paris je t'aime" to be released in the next few days.
</p>

# Floam's selection

## Margo Guryan - Sunday Morning
Floam: **"**This one is a little on the nose, but it's a recent favorite. It's a radiant song about love on Sunday morning, and the production is a journey that is a joy each time.**"**

## Devonté Hynes and Mockasin - Feelin' Lovely

Floam: **"**Devonté Hynes (aka Blood Orange) and Connan are two favorites of ours and their collaborative EP from 2015 is a gem. Feelin' Lovely is snappy and scribbly and good for you and the rest of your day!**"** 

## Khruangbin - Evan Finds The Third Room
Floam: **"**Khruangbin's sound is open and organic and playful and raw. Start your morning with affirmations (the repeated "yes!" in the track) for an energetic day.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## [Floam](https://www.instagram.com/marc.desse/) – Dusk Tempi
Sarah: **"**gggg**"**

## [Eluvium](https://lauramarling.bandcamp.com/) – Dusk Tempi
Sarah: **"**This song was commissioned by the National Geographic and was made with ultrasonic echolations of an endangered subspecies of bat in Indiana. 
Though the music was made possible by bats, it sounds like two aliens falling in love. The song starts with Norf’s first impression of Zeelp. Norf sees Zeelp across a music festival (yes, they have those on their planet, which for privacy purposes, we cannot disclose the name of). Zeelp is dancing, her many arms swinging in the air, and Norf is infatuated instantly. Norf later gets the courage to go talk to Zeelp, and is swept away by her long green eyelashes and purple feet. Norf is especially charmed by Zeelp's four orange head antennae. As the song progresses, so do their lives, they marry and raise an alien child together (three heads on their firstborn, how lucky!). Though Zeelp and Norf get older, they remain very much in love. They sit on their porch, looking at their perfectly manicured fuchsia lawn and their many-headed grandchildren running all about. They talk about when Norf first saw Zeelp at that music festival and how happy they are to have met each other.**"**

## [Jim Croce](http://jimcroce.com/) – Operator (That's Not The Way It Feels)
Sarah: **"**Jim Croce's lyricism captures the turbulence of our emotions, and what it feels like to let go of trespasses others have caused us, even if that release is anti-climactic. I stumbled upon this song going through Jim Croce's album, _You Don't Mess Around With Jim_. As you listen, you'll find it's a one-sided conversation with an operator, where the narrator asks for his ex-lover's number, before ultimately realizing the attempt at contact is unproductive, choosing not to make any call at all. Weeks ago, I wanted to egg my ex-boyfriend's house. I got the eggs, a getaway car, and I was all set to go. I believed that in egging his house, he would understand that I'd been hurt by him during the relationship. I craved his recognition, with the idea that it would help my own healing. This phenomenon of wanting to be seen and heard by those that hurt us is puzzling, and it's one that Jim Croce explores here. Ultimately, the narrator tells the operator to forget the call, because, "there's no one there I really wanted to talk to." Instead of following through with my plan, I put the eggs back in my fridge. Even though our impulses may seem valid enough to act on, in the end of the day, not everyone deserves your vulnerability."**"**

## [Cass McCombs & Steve Gunn](https://cassmccombs.bandcamp.com/) – Sweet Lucy
Sarah: **"**What is better than a naive and catchy melody to complete your waking up in the morning and start brewing your coffee? It's up to you.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! Thank you so much for joining us. Much love to Marc Desse for his  selection, and to [Noemie Dijon](https://noemiedijon.tumblr.com/) for this episode's beautiful illustration.</p>
