---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning, 
<br><br>

</p>


# Perlee's selection

## Ted Lucas - It's So Easy
Saramai & Cormac: **"**A simple, beautiful folk song by the late Detroit Musician Ted Lucas. Ted's work had a big impact on how I approached putting together my new LP, You Become the Mountain. One of the most comforting songs and albums I've ever known.<br>
Favorite lyrics:<br>
<i>"We've got to trust each other blindly<br>
Only then will we have eyes to see<br>
What we make of love it never comes easy<br>
Our hearts are tempered by adversity."</i>**"**

## Michael Hurley - Knockando
Saramai & Cormac: **"**Michael Hurley is a living legend and I'm still blown away I get to watch him perform as often as I do in Portland. This might be the first song I ever heard of his. My buddy John Andrews (Woods, Quilt, Cut Worms, Hand Habits) turned me onto his work years ago and I've been more or less obsessed ever since.<br>
Favorite lyrics:<br>
<i>"You are fire<br>
The spirit fire<br>
Your soul is burning good<br>
Can you hear the cracklin' heart<br>
Of the old pinewood"</i>**"**

## Elyse Weinberg - Houses (with Neil Young)
Saramai & Cormac: **"**'Houses', from Late 60's song-writer Elyse Weinberg's 1968 record Elyse has since been covered by Vetiver, Dinosaur Jr. and Courtney Barnett. The original version here has Neil Young on it. The quality of her voice and the raw production quality always drew me to this one. <br>
Favorite lyrics:<br>
<i>"I could never lie down in your ditch<br>
You would never want to in mine<br>
Even if we were both well meant and<br>
High born in another time"</i>**"**


# MailTape's selection

## Jeffrey Silverstein - A Dog's Age
Jules: **"**This song opens the album [You Become The Mountain](https://jeffreysilverstein.bandcamp.com/album/you-become-the-mountain), with Jeffrey's voice softly inviting us to let go and merge with the mountainous landscapes of our imagination. Since we cannot go out, this song is perfect for a Sunday morning meditation session.**"**

## [Angad Berar](https://angadberar.bandcamp.com/) - Anjuna
Jules: **"**I really like the way this song is taking its time and leaves as much room for the multiple samples of nature sounds as for the Bangalore based composer's sonic experiments.**"**

## Green House - Parlor Palm
Jules: **"**[Green House](https://green-house.bandcamp.com/)is the project of Los Angeles based artist Olive Ardizoni with the help of Michael Flanagan. This song is the third track from their first release “Six songs for Invisible Gardens”, an album made to help you push the walls of your living room and reconnect with your environment. Time to heal your pains and take care of your plants.**"**

## Rideau - Le Ciel, le Soleil et la Mer
Jules: **"**Taken from [Mausolée Tape 5](https://souterraine.biz/album/mausol-e-tape-5), a compilation of covers of Jean-Luc Le Ténia songs led by Gajeb and published on the french and francophone label La Souterraine, this song is my favorite of the moment. The emotions it gives me are mixed like my impressions of the world, between hope and nostalgia.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! Thank you so much for joining us. Much love and respect to Saramai and Cormac from [Perlee](https://perleemusic.bandcamp.com/) for their wonderful Sunday selections, and to [Camille Célestin](https://camillecelestin.com/) for this episode's brilliant illustration.</p>
