---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning, we are delighted to welcome Franco-Algerian singer and producer, [Sabrina Bellaouel](https://sabrinabellaouel.bandcamp.com/), to share a sensitive selection of her favorite Sunday morning tunes with us.
<br><br>
2 years after her first album "Illusions",Sabrina Bellaouel is back with a new EP released on InFiné. Leaving for a moment her original RnB influences with ["We Don't Need To Be Ennemies"](https://sabrinabellaouel.bandcamp.com/album/we-don-t-need-to-be-enemies), she embarks on new horizons where the sweetness of the choirs meets the dark bass of techno rhythms. And as we follow the producer on this journey full of different emotions, it is a sensitive and rich breathing that remains in our ears. Showing once again that her music is unclassifiable, Sabrina Bellaouel has recently made a comeback on the traces of RnB in a dreamlike style and beyond musical borders with her latest track "The Build Up" from her future EP ["Libra"](https://sabrinabellaouel.bandcamp.com/album/libra).
</p>


# Sabrina Bellaouel's selection

## Jill Scott - Show Me
Sabrina Bellaouel: **"**A dose of my favorite singer. No one writes about love like she does. Here she speaks about confidence. I would have liked to write this song:<br>
<i>"You show me your exterior, I need<br>
To see your interior, I need<br>
To be absolutely clear wit cha</i>**"**

## Steve Reich - Electric Counterpoint III. Fast
Sabrina Bellaouel: **"**Pat Metheny playing the guitar is divine. Perfect for having a shower, doing your make-up, getting dressed and taking the metro. I feel like I'm part of a whole when I listen to it.**"**

## Alfonzo Hunter - Just The Way (Remix)
Sabrina Bellaouel: **"**It's my older sister's favorite song. I bonded to this song as a teenager. She reminds me of Wednesday afternoons with my older sisters and their friends at the municipal swimming pool and also the evenings when they brought me to the Main Jaune.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## Sabrina Bellaouel - Nasser
Jules: **"**This track opens the EP "We Don't Need To Be Ennemies". First, a whirlwind of dreamy choirs, then, alongside [Sabrina Bellaouel](https://sabrinabellaouel.bandcamp.com/)'s voice and Nasser's political speeches, a techno beat that is both catchy and threatening. The dashed hopes of Pan-Africanism put into music.**"**

## Yak - Kaepora
Jules: **"**What else is there to say? This track by Sheffield-based Producer, DJ and drums and percussions master, [Yak](https://yaksound.bandcamp.com/), says it all, this rhythm is the shot you need in the morning.**"**

## Soapkills - Cheftak
Jules: **"**We're back to the camp of sweetness with this classic from the Lebanese group [Soapkills](https://soapkills.bandcamp.com/) who offers us a perfect mix of trip-hop and traditional Arabic sounds, carried by Yasmine Hamdan's vibrant voice.**"**

## DJ Lycox - Red Lights
Jules: **"**I discovered [Príncipe Discos](https://principediscos.bandcamp.com/) at the beginning of the year and since then I remain captivated by each record they release. The parisian producer DJ Lycox is one of the headliners of the Lisbon-based record label. Each time I listen to his EP "Kizas do Ly", from which this track is taken, I have the impression of discovering sounds coming from unknown horizons, synthesizing South American and African influences with percussions shaking up the codes of electronic music, and of being at a musical turning point between history and the future.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! As always, thank you so much for joining us. Much love to [Sabrina Bellaouel](https://sabrinabellaouel.bandcamp.com/) for her moving Sunday selections, and much respect to [Thibault Daumain](http://thibaultdaumain.fr/) for this episode's stunning illustration!</p>
