---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
guest_name: Museau
guest_color: bliss
guestPic: guestPic
category: '440'
writer: Anaïs G
author: Anaïs G
illustrator: Noémie Dijon
track1_title: The Knife - From Off to On
track1_color: dreamy
track2_color: trippy
track2_title: Oneohtrix Point Never - Lost but never alone
track3_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/roches_noires/breathin'
track3_title: Roches Noirs - Breathin'
track3_color: vibrant
track4_title: Museau - So Far Away
track4_color: bliss
track5_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/gidgeofficial/you'
track5_title: Gidge - You
track5_color: vibrant
track6_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/fever-ray/coconut-1'
track6_title: Fever Ray - Coconut
track6_color: trippy
track7_title: Aphex Twin - Film
track7_color: dreamy
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/440/museau/'
image: 'https://mailta.pe/fbPic440/png'
musiColor: musiColor440.png
track1_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/440/track1.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/440/track2.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/440/track4.mp3'
track7_link: 'https://mailtapesounds.s3.amazonaws.com/440/track7.mp3'
---
This morning, we are in the clouds dreaming of another life without COVID in 2032 maybe... But while waiting for that to be possible one day, we wake up preparing Sunday brunch with the music selection of the artist Museau.
<br><br>
It is by imagining the face of a puppy that one can easily imagine Muzzle. Behind this mysterious musical project hides a visual artist with a multifaceted universe that can be seen in her latest track "So Far Away" released last January on the label Mouton Noir.
</p>

# Museau's selection

## The Knife - From Off to On
Museau: **"**I found out about the knife when i was very young, they probably helped me to define the vision i have of music, especially electronic music. I like the idea that beyond the musical aspect, they have this strong graphic universe. Thanks to that, they never engaged into hyped things and they never enclosed themselves in a precise style while keeping it really consistent.**"**

## Oneohtrix Point Never - Lost but never alone
Museau: **"**I really love this producer’s protean approaches which can easily go from very melodic productions to flights of subtle experimentations. His album Magic Oneohtrix Point Never was a slap in 2020. There again, it’s something that goes beyond musical production, it’s really intense with sometimes tortured and roughly handled sonorities but the result is always beyond hopes or expectations, as if he always was one step ahead.**"**

## Roches Noire -  Breathin'
Museau: **"**Breathin’ is from Roches noires’ first EP, « Made To Disappear », he’s a friend who produces music and he’s developping a cold and sophosticatec electronica project. I listen to his works a lot right now because we work on something together. I cannot say too much about it because it’s still confidential… to be continued !**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Museau  – So Far Away
Anaïs G: **"**What I liked at first about this artist is her universe, this mysterious identity, and this fascination for dogs through her artist name or her visual identity (with these clips and artworks). And then afterwards his music takes us into another dimension, something joyful, and sometimes hovering with the reworked voice that gives the illusion of a man and a woman at the same time.**"**

## Gidge – You
Anaïs G: **"**Like an infinite loop, that song hyptonized me. Something infinite emanates from her. And then there was a surpise in the middle of the almost unexpected title, something that pulls us out of the trance with these different voices. 8 minutes of musical enmity!**"**

## Fever Ray – Coconut
Anaïs G: **"**A sometimes industrial and cold music during the first minutes of the song but a rise in power in the middle of this title with almost religious voices sometimes.**"**

## Aphex Twin – Film
Anaïs G: **"**To finish this quiet playlist by finishing your breakfast or brunch, nothing better than an Aphex Twin title. A not too violent title, which finally wakes us up and motivates us for various adventures on Sunday.**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all for this morning. As always, thank you so much for listening with us. Our love to Museau for his vibrant retro Sunday selections and to Noèmie Dijon for this episode's stellar illustration.</p>
