---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
track7_color: vibrant
track7_title: Lomelda - Hannah Sun
track6_color: bliss
track6_title: 'Nadia Reid - Other Side Of The Wheel '
track5_color: vibrant
track5_title: Whitney - No Woman
track4_color: bliss
track4_title: J.E Sunde - Sunset Trip
track3_color: trippy
track3_title: The Books - The Lemon Of Pink 1
track2_color: bliss
track2_title: Paul Smith - Graceland
track1_color: vibrant
track1_title: Ladysmith Black Manzambo - Unomathemba
track5_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/secretlycanadian/whitney-no-woman'
track4_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/jesunde/je-sunde-sunset-strip'
guestPic: guest438.jpg
guest_color: vibrant
guest_name: J.E Sunde
category: '438'
writer: Anaïs G
illustrator: Camille Célestin
author: Anaïs G
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/je-sunde/'
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic438.png'
musiColor: musiColor438.png
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, we sit down, we slow down time and we adopt a slow life. We enjoy the moment, the simple pleasures of life and reconnect with nature. It is accompanied by the music of J. E. Sunde that we embark on this slow sunday.
<br><br>
 It’s sincere, subtle, delicate and beautiful. So much to describe the music of Jonathan Edward Sunde. It is through his fourth album “9 Songs About Love” that this American from Wisconsin, seduces us with his folk-rock notes.
</p>


# J.E Sunde's selection

## Ladysmith Black Mambazo – Unomthemba 
J.E Sunde: **"**For years, if I have a Sunday morning where I can just drink coffee and read, I have played this record. In my humble opinion it is the perfect morning record. The whole thing is great and this is the opening track. Paul Simon produced the record after collaborating with Ladysmith on Graceland.**"**

## Paul Simon - Graceland
J.E Sunde: **"**Also for years, I’ve followed the Ladysmith record with Paul Simon’s Graceland record. It’s a bit more up beat but is still a pretty gentle way to start your day. The song “Graceland” is one of the great songs of all time on one of the great records of all time. Also, it has a killer opening line, “The Mississippi Delta is shining like a National guitar.**"**

## The Books  – The Lemon of Pink I
J.E Sunde: **"**This last year I found myself really connecting with this record in the morning. Again, this is the opening track of the record that I suggest playing all the way through. Their combination of found, acoustic, electronic and manipulated sounds is incredible to me. Their pieces are at times such a jumbled collage and yet they achieve this intimacy and feeling that is really something.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## J.E Sunde – Sunset Trip
Anaïs G: **"**In her fourth album “9 Songs About Love”, released on french label Vietnam, what touched me is this folk-rock music, sometimes oscillating between nostalgia and melancholy, but always with this assumed good humour. To listen while walking around under the duvet, imagining the next road trip you are going to do!**"**

## Withney – No Woman
Anaïs G: **"**Between that song and me, it was like love at first sight. It could have ended there, but even now, when it was released in 2016, I can’t resign myself to not listening to it anymore. ” No Woman” was like a revelation, a pop-folk music well dosed with the use of electric pianos, strings and brass that makes it a spomtuous and beautiful song.**"**  

## Nadia Reid – Other Side of the Wheel
Anaïs G: **"**It was while listening to the radio that I discovered this New Zealand artist. His voice and his indie-pop immediately captivated me. This beautiful song, from his album "Out of My Province" released in March 2020, leaves me with a feeling of happiness in my heart and strength in my daily life.**"**

## Lomelda – Hannah Sun
Anaïs G: **"**A breath of fresh air in this sometimes heavy world. Lomelda dit Hannah Read is my latest musical discovery. I'm like hypnotized by her folk music which is sometimes very varied and can deviate to rock or saturated sounds in some songs from her latest album "Hannah", released in September 2020. The one I have selected is calm and discreet, like a shy ray of sunshine and perfect for a slow sunday.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning. As always, thank you so much for joining us. Much love to J.E Sunde for his Sunday selections and to Camille Célestin for this episode's brilliant illustration!</p>
