---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
---
<p id="introduction"> xxx
</p> 

# Rich Ruth's selection

**"**My Sunday mornings are important. I typically work late at night at my restaurant job, exerting a lot of physical and emotional energy. Sunday mornings are a zen recovery period to replenish myself before typically going back to the restaurant Sunday evening. The following selections reflect this phase of Sunday mornings for me.**"**

##  Harold Budd - Bismillahi 'Rrahman 'Rrahim
Rich Ruth: **"**Pavilion of Dreams applies to any calm setting. I listen to it regularly in the morning and while I fall asleep. The way the piano compositions mesh with the saxophone is sublime. I was incredibly fortunate to see Harold Budd perform in an old church in Knoxville, TN before he passed.**"**

## Joseph Shabason - Aytche
Rich Ruth: **"**A friend sent me this record a few years back and it hit me hard at a time when I was beginning to lean fully into instrumental, ambient-adjacent music. Aytche perfectly channels Jon Hasell and Gigi Masin in a modern context that is perfect for Sunday mornings.**"**

## Chhun Vanna - I Love Only You
Rich Ruth: **"**Over the past decade I’ve lived in Cambodia and visited many times. It’s an extremely special, inspiring place for me. The magnitude of the history is palpable at all turns but the reliance and warmth of the people is staggering. I’m a fan of all types of Southeast Asian music over the decades but these pre-Khmer Rouge recordings are nostalgic and heart-wrenchingly beautiful."**"**

# MailTape's selection

## xxx
ImaCrea: **"**xxx**"**

## xxxx
ImaCrea: **"**xxxx**"**

## xxx
ImaCrea: **"**xxx**"**

## xxxx
ImaCrea: **"**xxxx**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all for this morning! Thank you very much for listening along with us. So much love to The Bins for his electric eclectic Sunday selections and to [Noémie Dijon](https://noemiedijon.tumblr.com/ https://noemiedijon.tumblr.com/) for her fantastic illustration.</p>
