---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: Anaïs G
illustrator: Noémie Dijon
writer: Anaïs G
category: '446'
guest_name: Finkle
guest_color: bliss
guestPic: guetsPic446.jpg
track1_title: Joji - Your Man
track2_title: Benjamin Diamond - Fit Your Heart
track3_title: Half Moon Run - 21 Gun Salute
track1_color: vibrant
track2_color: bliss
track3_color: vibrant
track4_title: Finkle - Body feat Hawa Sarita
track4_color: bliss
track5_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/lunemusique/bleu-1'
track5_title: LÜNE - Bleu
track5_color: dreamy
track7_title: Nude - Idyll feat Anouré
track7_color: dreamy
track7_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/nudeofficial/idyll-feat-anoure'
track6_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/lewis-ofman/diamant'
track6_title: Lewis OfMan - Diamant
track6_color: vibrant
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/446/finkle/'
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic446.png'
musiColor: musiColor446.png
track1_link: 'https://soundcloud.com/jojiofficial/joji-your-man'
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, 
<br><br>

</p>

# Finkle's selection

## Joji - Your Man 
Finkle: **"**I like to listen to this song because it makes me happy. Every Sunday morning I put this song and even if I’m sad or a little melancholic it transmits me some good vibe and I feel better. Joji is this kind of artist who puts some soul into a track and I really like it.**"**

## Benjamin Diamond - Fit Your Heart 
Finkle: **"**Take a coffee, dance to the track and see what’s happening.**"**

## Half Moon Run - 21 Gun Salute
Finkle: **"**There are some unexplainable vibes about this tune that makes it purely comforting and warming. It has been several years since I discovered it and I still feel like i’m listening to it for the first time each time I’m playing it. This track is a complete journey from the start to the very end. I’m just in love with the drums, all the pads and synths but most of all the vocals that just lift the whole song to an amazing level.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Finkle – Body feat Hawa Sarita
Anaïs G: **"**While waiting for the sunny days, and the return to the “normal” life, we console ourselves with this song that smells good of summer, evenings with friends drinking and dancing until the end of the night. A fresh, sunny sound with the voice of Hawa Sarita carrying us.**"**

## LÜNE – Bleu
Anaïs G: **"**A little crush for the newest member of Nowadays Records, LÜNE. A lively, colourful sound that makes us want to dance all day long. This track “Bleu” is taken from “Chambre aux Etoiles”, an EP that will be released on June 25th on the Nowadays label. We can’t wait!**"**

## Lewis OfMan – Diamant
Anaïs G: **"**Five years ago, I discovered this young electronics prodigy, Lewis OfMan. Indeed, the media were not wrong to refer to it as such. A style, and a musical style that makes that he has already worked with many artists such as Fakear, Vendredi sur Mer, the group Pirouette or Rejjie Snow. I chose this sound that dates back a few years because it’s “Diamant” that made me love the person but also his sounds. This song goes crescendo like a dance with a slow movement at the beginning but which gradually emancipates itself from things and ends up liberating at the end. An incredible musical flight!**"**

## Nude – Idyll feat Anoure
Anaïs G: **"**A palpable sweetness and an incredible sensitivity through the voice of Anoure, sublimated by the music of Nude, which makes this sound an indispensable to wake up quietly on Sunday morning watching the sun rise.!**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all for this morning! As always, thank you so much for listening with us. So much love to  Finkle for their fantastic Sunday selections and to Noémie for this episode's psychedelic illustration.</p>
