---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
track1_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/475/track1.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/475/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/475/track3.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/475/track4.mp3'
track5_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/475/track5.mp3'
track6_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/475/track6.mp3'
track7_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/475/track7.mp3'
track1_color: dreamy
track2_color: dreamy
track3_color: vibrant
track6_color: trippy
track7_color: bliss
track5_color: dreamy
track4_color: dreamy
author: Maxime
illustrator: Thibault Daumain
writer: PS KY
category: '475'
guest_name: Rich Ruth
guestPic: guestPic475.jpg
track1_title: Harold Budd - Bismillahi 'Rrahman 'Rrahim
track2_title: Joseph Shabason - Aytche
track3_title: Chhun Vanna - I Love Only You
track4_title: Rich Ruth - The Snag
track5_title: Nosaj Thing - No Mind (extended)
track6_title: Andy Stott - The Beginning
track7_title: David Okumu - New Dawn
episode_URL: 'https://mailta.pe/475/Rich-Ruth/'
description: >-
  This morning, we welcome Rich Ruth with his authentic vibration and rare
  sound. Today’s MailTape is calming yet awakening, humbly asking you to exit
  the night and dive into the sheer fog of Sunday.
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic475.png'
musiColor: musiColor475.png
---
<p id="introduction"> 

On most mornings, I am never really quite sure which paste to adopt. Slowness as a choice, my day easily drags. But then again, a rapid caffeine induced start easily propels my morning into frenzy, tossing and turning throughout the night, pondering if coffee is still a friend while my mind tries to concentrate using only my brain, heart whispering, hey I am here, don’t forget !
But then, it all falls into place, the light, the dark, the bright, the obscure, like a calm tornado, gently blowing off the dirt, this morning’s MailTape will leave you feeling authentic, modest and surely anew. 
</p> 

# Rich Ruth's selection

**"**My Sunday mornings are important. I typically work late at night at my restaurant job, exerting a lot of physical and emotional energy. Sunday mornings are a zen recovery period to replenish myself before typically going back to the restaurant Sunday evening. The following selections reflect this phase of Sunday mornings for me.**"**

##  Harold Budd - Bismillahi 'Rrahman 'Rrahim
Rich Ruth: **"**Pavilion of Dreams applies to any calm setting. I listen to it regularly in the morning and while I fall asleep. The way the piano compositions mesh with the saxophone is sublime. I was incredibly fortunate to see Harold Budd perform in an old church in Knoxville, TN before he passed.**"**

## Joseph Shabason - Aytche
Rich Ruth: **"**A friend sent me this record a few years back and it hit me hard at a time when I was beginning to lean fully into instrumental, ambient-adjacent music. Aytche perfectly channels Jon Hasell and Gigi Masin in a modern context that is perfect for Sunday mornings.**"**

## Chhun Vanna - I Love Only You
Rich Ruth: **"**Over the past decade I’ve lived in Cambodia and visited many times. It’s an extremely special, inspiring place for me. The magnitude of the history is palpable at all turns but the reliance and warmth of the people is staggering. I’m a fan of all types of Southeast Asian music over the decades but these pre-Khmer Rouge recordings are nostalgic and heart-wrenchingly beautiful."**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Rich Ruth - The Snag
ImaCrea: **"**This track felt like a oasis in the middle of the desert for me. It's been a while I was looking to discover something new in ambient and discovering Rich Ruth's music was like discovering a new land. This year's been tough for everyone, let's not hide it. And his music has been a great help for me when winter arrived to keep on and stay focused. I'm very glad he answered to our invitation and sharing his art with you today is a great pleasure to me. Hope you enjoy.**"**

## Nosaj Thing - No Mind (extended)
ImaCrea: **"**Nosaj Thing was a revelation back in the days when I listened to his first tracks. I admit I didn't follow all the news in the last couple of years and it was such a joy to discover his latest ep by random on bandcamp. This track is very meditative, you've got to let go every tension in your body in order to feel its rare and pure intensity. (Even better with a headphone or good speakers with nice bass).**"**

## Andy Stott - The Beginning
ImaCrea: **"**This synth, very Com Truise'esque if I may say. And then, this insane loop... Life's a spiral, let it go. Let's be together.**"**

## David Okumu - New Dawn
ImaCrea: **"**This delay in the beginning... Yes yes...David Okumu's first solo album is a "master class". Groove is just another word for "being alive" in the music world and David knows very much about it. How can you resist to that? Let's go and dance, the rest can wait. When the world dance, violence ends.**"**


<p id="outroduction">And... That's all for this morning! We'll take some vacation and enjoy our families. We see you again next year, in two weeks. Celebrate beautifully the end of the year. Thank you very much for listening along with us, it's been ten years of MailTape this year. So much love to Rich Ruth for his diverse and delicate Sunday selection and to [Thibault Daumain](https://thibaultdaumain.fr/) for hit solar illustration.</p>
