---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: Jules
illustrator: Anthony Dujardin
writer: Jules
category: '463'
guest_name: Tomu DJ
guest_color: vibrant
episode_URL: 'https://www.mailta.pe/463/tomu-dj/'
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning,
<br><br>

</p>


# Tomu DJ's selection

## Lynyrd Skynyrd - Tuesday's Gone
Tomu DJ: **"**This is one of the best songs to me because of its iconic melody, raw emotion and length. I've not much been to the American South in my life but I've been fascinated with southern rock for a long time now. Reading about the history of music in Alabama it's no wonder so much amazingly powerful music comes out of there. I really appreciate southern rock for its tendency to capture the time and place in which it was made.**"**

## Park Hye Jin - Whatchu Doin Later
Tomu DJ: **"**This one just came out but I've been listening to it a lot. It will definitely bang in the club but the introspective and chilled out beats make it an essential listen for me at any time of the day. I think the way the artist chooses to present themselves through words and music comes off as very intentional but in a cool and collected way, and it's also really cool they both produce and do the vocals.**"**

## Xscape - Understanding
Tomu DJ: **"**1990s American R&B is my greatest inspiration and recently I've been really into Xscape. What I love about this song and a lot of music of this era is the lyrics and how they are always relevant. Songs like this get to the heart of concepts like love and relationships in an all-encompassing way that a lot of music does not.**"**


# MailTape's selection

## [Tomu DJ]() - 
Jules: **"****"**

## 
Jules: **"****"**

## 
Jules: **"****"**

## 
Jules: **"****"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! As always, thank you so much for joining us. Much love to [Tomu DJ]() for her moving Sunday selections, and many thanks to [Anthony Dujardin](https://www.instagram.com/fromthegarden/?hl=en)for this episode's brilliant illustration!</p>
