---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
category: '493'
guest_name: Phaon
guest_color: vibrant
guestPic: guestPic493.jpg
track1_title: Pond - Daisy
track1_color: bliss
track2_title: Alain Bashung - Mes Bras
track2_color: vibrant
track3_title: Balthazar - Lion's Mouth (Daniel)
track3_color: vibrant
track4_title: Phaon - Phobie Nocturne
track4_color: bliss
track5_title: Chatain - Noyade
track5_color: bliss
track6_title: PI - Moitié
track6_color: vibrant
track7_title: Miel de Montagne - Trop vite
track7_color: dreamy
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/493/phaon/'
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic493.png'
musiColor: musiColor493.png
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, we are sucked in and inspired by new talent and the new french pop scene: that of the band Phaon.
<br><br>
Phaon, whether he is a man known for his beauty (in Greek) or the baby deer writes “Faon”, what is certain is that this creature has not finished making people talk about her through her song and her French pop music. After several EPs and a selection at Les Inouis du Printemps de Bourges 2022, their next EP “Phobie Nocturne” and the video will be released on May 20th!
</p>

# Phaon's selections
##  Pond - Daisy
Phaon: **"**An introduction like a sunrise, like a morning with psychedelic residues. A pop production with a bass/drum worthy of the disco's dance floor, 80's synths shining on a surf guitar. Nothing better to cast offand venture into unknown waters.**"**

## Alain Bashung - Mes Bras
Phaon: **"**Bashung is one of the references we are most often quoted after a concert. This allowed us to discover his works, to which we became attached. "Mes bras" is a ballad of 7 minutes 50 seconds with an impressive charisma. The lyrics, the choice of rhythms, the musical production. There is this attention to the sound of the words, to their placement in the verse, which is dear to us. This is the piece that refocuses our primary desires.**"**

## Balthazar - Lion’s Mouth (Daniel) 
Phaon: **"**We have Belgium at our heart in the band. Without it, Phaon would not be. Its base comes from this country, from this cultural sponge, from its bands: BRNS, Dan San, Arno, Italian Boyfriend... and Balthazar.This track is about rainy Sundays when the vinyl spins on the turntable, plaid on itself and the window for only horizon. An auditory wonder.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Phaon - Phobie Nocturne
Anaïs G: **"**C'est en m'installant sur Limoges que j'ai découvert Phaon.  **"**

## Chatain - Noyade
Anaïs G: **"**A great discovery through a second EP “Savon Noir” released on May 13, under the label Figure Libre Records. Mixing pop with punk and french variety, the music of this orléano-tourangeau duo composed of Quentin Biardeau and Stéphane Charasse is refreshing, funny and dancing! The perfect soundtrack for this early spring.**"**

## PI  - Moitié
Anaïs G: **"**As this certain PI would say in his title “314” “You don’t know who PI is, you don’t know who I am”. I don’t know who this mysterious singer out of nowhere is but I strongly advise you to follow him on Instagram. Listening to the few excerpts of these tracks on this social network, we feel an incredible potential so stay tuned on her profile, it seems that her first EP will be out very soon!**"**

## Miel de Montagne - Trop Vite
Anaïs G: **"**We put a brake on our lives at 100 per hour, to focus on the sweet and sensual voice of Miel de Montagne. This sunday morning, he plunges us into his world where we fly on clouds and talk to Philippe Katerine (feat on the title “C’est Dur”). Of course, listening to her second album “Tout autour de moi”, it was very difficult to choose a title since they are all amazing and enchanting."Trop vite” is therefore first in my top 3 of the best Miel de Montagne songs. **"**

