---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: Sarah
illustrator: Camille Célestin
writer: Sarah
category: '505'
guest_name: Elan Noon
guest_color: dreamy
track1_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/505/track1.mp3'
track1_title: Sanity Band - Submarine
track1_color: vibrant
track2_title: Niloo - Rivermouth
track2_color: trippy
track2_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/505/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/505/track3.mp3'
track3_title: Troll Dolly - Pooly
track3_color: dreamy
track4_color: trippy
track4_title: Trevor Lang - Spotlight
track4_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/505/track4.mp3'
track5_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/505/track5.mp3'
track7_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/505/track7.mp3'
track5_title: Elan Noon - Patience (Waiting on a Thing to Arrive)
track5_color: dreamy
track7_color: vibrant
track6_color: trippy
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic505.png'
guestPic: guestPic505.jpg
---
<p id="introduction"> This week, we offer a warm welcome to our dear guest [Elan Noon](https://elannoon.bandcamp.com/). With releases spanning across experimental folk, lo-fi psychedelic, and baroque movements, each album by Elan Noon lends a new delight to discover.
<br><br>
</p>

# Elan Noon's selection

## Sanity Band - Submarine
Elan Noon: **"**An ‘oldie’ but a goodie! This HIT was written and recorded by my friend Logan Holmes (aka Sanity Band). We were both in the band Jons and got to share many fun times playing shows and travelling in our early-20s together. He’s got many great songs, but this one’s a special combo of heavy lyrics and heavy groove. I also briefly lived with Logan in the same house that he made both of his albums, so his music always takes me back to when we’d watch tv in the living room and chill on the front porch for hours.**"**

## Niloo - Rivermouth
Elan Noon: **"**This past summer I played a few shows as a keyboardist for my friend Niloo Farahzadeh. It was the first time that I’d played with a band in years and I’m happy to report that it’s still a blast! I was lucky enough to’ve been playing Niloo’s Juno 106, so I had lots of fun messing around with all its patches, filters, etc. Niloo has a truly insane voice and writes gorgeous melodies over shimmering extended chords. I honestly can’t say I know many artists that elicit the same atmospheric vibe as her, and being part of her band has been a dream. As I’ve heard others say in passing… its Sarah McLachlan meets Cocteau Twins.🎭**"**

## Troll Dolly - Pooly
Elan Noon: **"**I met Jen Yakamovic (aka Troll Dolly) through playing together in Niloo’s band. Jen got a band together when opening for our friends, Loving, and the result was a weekend of rehearsals in her Vancouver studio that felt like a music summer camp (in the best way!) :-) This song, which I regetfully don’t know the exact narrative behind, has an earnesty in its lyrics and vocals that’s both calming, yet romantic/melancholic. Framed by the vivid keys and miscellaneous sounds flittering atop the placid drums, this tune is ripe for floating along to.

Honourable mention: [pesewa](https://pesewa.bandcamp.com/) – 4th member of “Niloo & The 90s Kids” ;-)**"**

## Trevor Lang - Spotlight
Elan Noon: **"**A beautiful and witty song by Trevor, who I’ve only recently gotten to know through playing alongside within Troll Dolly. Even more recently, Trevor and I travelled to a remote island for an “Intergalactic Space Rodeo,” where we both performed exaggeratedly country-ridden sets. Suffice it to say, it was a real jamboree… This song of Trevor’s has a class-act transition midway through; you can feel the spotlight swing over to reveal the lone cabaret singer in the dark! The song’s lyrics are cutting throughout and the analog keys are delectably clever and prominent. Complete with a space-age outro-jam… what more could you ask for?**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Elan Noon - Patience (Waiting on a Thing to Arrive)
Sarah: **"**This is my favorite track off of the Caricature album. The vocals sound almost far away, coupled with such delicate piano progressions, shrouding the song in a dissociative cloak. At the same time, there's a curious hopefulness to the melody in its**"**

## Elan Noon - Patience 
Sarah: **"**What a dreamy embrace this song makes for us. Such a marbled texture of sound, with Adelman's grounded vocals streamlining through all of it.**"**

## Elan Noon - Patience (Waiting on a Thing to Arrive)
Sarah: **"**A vibrant track to finish off this soothing Sunday selection :) Wonderful bass underscoring, adding such a driving momentum to the rest of the track's movement. The vocals contributes a somewhat dreamy haze, but with such a rousing instrumental section surrounding it**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! As always, thank you so much for joining us. Much love to Elan Noon these lovely Sunday selections, and many thanks to Camille Célestin for this episode's stunning illustration !</p>
