---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: Anaïs G
illustrator: Noémie Dijon
writer: Anaïs G
category: '489'
guest_name: Skia
guest_color: bliss
guestPic: guestPic489.jpg
track1_title: IAM - Sombres Manoeuvres
track1_color: vibrant
track2_title: PLK - Le Sel
track2_color: dreamy
track3_title: Nekfeu - Mauvaise Graine
track3_color: vibrant
track4_title: Skia - Maladresse
track4_color: bliss
track5_title: 'George Ka - Garçon Manqué Fille Manquante '
track5_color: vibrant
track6_title: 'Lou & The Yakuza - Courant d''air '
track6_color: dreamy
track7_title: Mélodie Lauret - doucement
track7_color: bliss
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/489/skia/'
image: 'https://mailta.pe/489/img/fbPic489.png'
musiColor: musiColor489.png
---
<p id="introduction">This morning,You get up motivated and determined to make a difference. We know that anything is possible, by hoping for the best, by uniting our voices and by not forgetting our rights and our commitments! This is the case with our artist of the day, Skia.

Skia, a committed and sincere artist, she is one of the French rappers who weighs more and more in the game, as they say! “Sensible” is the name of her first EP released last January, on Because & Moonchild Records.
</p>

# Skia' selection

## IAM - Sombre Manoeuvre
Skia: **"**I simply choose it because I think that it is IAM's best track and also because I love the fact that they managed to tell the same story through the eyes of two different people.**"**

## PLK - Le Sel
Skia: **"**I love this track because I passed from this artist for a long time and I find that it brings in a real entire mood. We find the same atmosphere in the track "Du mal" that I like a lot too.**"**

## Nekfeu - Mauvaise Graine
Skia: **"**This track motivates me a lot. Personally, I find myself there a lot. And I just love Nekfeu's writing.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Skia - Maladresse
Anaïs G : **"** **"**  

## George Ka - Garçon Manqué Fille Manquante
Anaïs G: **"**George Ka is an artist I love, I discovered her with the title “Saigon”. And lately I came across this title which is fair, sincere and honest about the condition of women and how they are treated on a day-to-day basis.**"**

## Lou & The Yakuza - Courant d'Air
Anaïs G: **"** **"**

## Mélodie Lauret - doucement
Anaïs G: **"**To finish this playist on a light, calm and joyful note, nothing beats a Mélodie Lauret title. An emotion out of time, an incredible sensitivity! She had already touched me with her title “tes cheveux” and “doucement” only confirms my love for her!**"**

<p id="outroduction"></p>
