---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: Sarah
writer: Sarah
category: '480'
guest_name: Remute
guest_color: trippy
track1_title: Yellow Magic Orchestra - Technopolis
track2_title: Tragic Error - Tanzen
track3_title: Fornax Void - Cyberspace Database
track4_title: Remute - Superposition (HiRes Version)
track1_color: vibrant
track3_color: bliss
track2_color: trippy
track4_color: trippy
illustrator: Julie Wojtczak
track5_color: trippy
track6_color: vibrant
track7_color: bliss
musiColor: musiColor480.png
guestPic: guestPic480.jpg
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic480.png'
track1_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/480/track1.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/480/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/480/track3.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/480/track4.mp3'
track5_title: DJ Hell - Out of Control
track7_title: Dauwd - Idris
track6_title: Remute - Electronic Lifestyle (Deathstyle Mix)
track5_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/480/track5.mp3'
track6_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/480/track6.mp3'
track7_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/480/track7.mp3'
episode_URL: ''
description: ''
---
<p id="introduction"> We are delighted to welcome German DJ Remute for a Sunday MailTape full of eclectic electric tracks and tributes. Well known for releasing his albums on retro video game cartridges since 2009, German DJ Remute described how the alternative medium started as a joke initially, but now, over ten years later, game cartridges form an authentic and integral part of Remute’s album experience. 
<br><br>
Combining coding and music, Remute's style garners the attention of gamer and techno enthusiasts, often inspiring both varieties. This coming year, Remute has three albums coming together, each with their own unique sound and game cartridge medium.
<br><br>
Despite the year's restricted conditions, Remute's latest releases are performance-centered, with vocals and rhythm sequences designed for live concerts. To this balance, Remute replies that his music waits in our preparation for better times. Listening over these releases, we feel a bit closer to this future, becoming even more receptive to a new beginning. 
</p>

# Remute's selection

## Yellow Magic Orchestra - Technopolis
Remute: **"**This song is irrevocably linked to my love for technology, electronic music and Japan.
On my first Japan tour I've listened to Technopolis during the descend to Tokyo Haneda airport - an unforgettable, wonderful moment.
The song is unsurpassed in its playfulness and technical perfection!
Technopolis - a statement since 1979!**"**

## Tragic Error - Tanzen
Remute: **"**I love the Belgian New Beat era!
Productions back then did not take themselves too seriously, but were full of high-end sampling and synth adventures at the same time.
Just like 'Tanzen' by Tragic Error - a short lived project by Patrick De Meyer who went on to become a superstar with groups like T99 and Technotronic.
Rad and mad.**"**

## Fornax Void - Cyberspace Database
Remute: **"**I am an avid fan of everything Vaporwave, Dreampunk and Ambient like.
And so 'Cyberspace Database' by swiss artist Fornax Void is my favourite last year's album purchase!
Not only the title track is a total work of art, but also all the other tracks deliver 4 hours, 47 minutes and 43 second of THE perfect atmosphere.
I'm a born geek and this is an essential geek album.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Remute - Superposition (HiRes Version)
Sarah: **"**This track arrives off of Remute's latest album, R64, named for its release on the Nintendo 64 game cartridge. The album's medium is the first of its kind, something delightful to experience. This album, as well as Remute's other cartridge albums, forms itself around the Nintendo medium. The process lends many interesting upsides and challenges, each unique to the cartridge in use. As we can hear in Superposition, the N64 supports certain synths in its playback, creating a world of sound difficult to recreate anywhere else. Superposition is one of Remute's more vocals-heavy tracks, with several harmonies and chorus sections intertwined. Still, this listening experience is edited down from the track's initial version. Due to the N64's limited storage space, Remute assumed a position of curation. Describing the efforts to strip the track to necessary elements, Remute described the delightful challenge this medium poses given our lives in a "limitless world.**"**

## DJ Hell - Out of Control
Sarah: **"**Again, here we have a Chinese traditional folk instrument that meets electronic sounds. Spacey electro bleeps are joined by Li’s intricate Pipa plucking. Layers of buzzing drones, Li’s additional vocal, and collaborator Rick Parker’s eerie sound of a trombone, pushes the track into its climax. Li Daiguo is a Chinese-American multi-instrumentalist who mixes instrumentation—both Western and Eastern, traditional and contemporary—in a manner that’s uncomplicated yet thoughtful, his works always grander than their discrete elements suggest.**"**

## Remute - Electronic Lifestyle (Deathstyle Mix) 
Sarah: **"**Laughing Ears is a Shanghai-based producer whom I’ve seen live for a couple of times in Shanghai. This track was the first I've listened to from her and remains my favorite among her stellar productions. The trance-infused, beautiful yet haunting synth line morphs like aurora, accompanied by insectile percussion and thrumming sub-bass. Truly mesmerizing.**"**

## Dauwd - Idris
Sarah: **"** Yet another producer from Chengdu. Her recent work reminds me of those IDM tunes from the 90s, such as Autechre, or Boards of Canada. It’s warm and fuzzy, just right for an opener, but with enough weight from grounded grooves to keep a floor steady. Kaishandao describes her recent LP as “a therapy cassette sent through a drum machine.**"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! As always, thank you so much for joining us. Much love to Temple Rat for her dreamy Sunday selections, and many thanks to Meriam Kharbat for this episode's stunning illustration !</p>
