---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning, the sun has never shone so brightly. Rotterdam-based musician and producer [Arp Frique](https://arpfrique.bandcamp.com/) is welcoming MailTape in his colourful world! 
<br><br>
Niels Nieuborg, the genius mind behind Arp Frique, has been actively involved in the Dutch live music scene for years before embarking on his own project. The Arp Frique alter ego is a reference to the sound of the Arp synths and Chic’s famous song ‘Le Freak’, showing his love to disco. After several very well received EPs and a first album “The Colorful World of Arp Frique” released in 2018, the exotic and funky producer is back in October 2021 with "The Seed", a new invitation to travel in his joyful universe.
</p>


# u.r.trax's selection

## Unklevon - Sharping Shadow
u.r.trax: **"**Unklevon is a French producer I really admire. He has the secret to make classy yet energetic electro bangers. Often, he adds a bit of his voice and it always works ! Lately, I've been opening my sets a lot with this track : very sexy and versatile. It oscillates between uplifting pads, impactant vocals and a very straightforward beat.**"**

## Eartheater, Tony Seltzer - Joyride
u.r.trax: **"**Eartheater is a siren whispering to your ear. This artist's sonic range sweeps from ambient to trap and hyperpop. Her singing is so particular, and becomes even more magical when blended to futuristic productions. I've been obsessed with Joyride ever since it came out. Her voice makes me feel so many things !**"**

## Sentimental Rave - Unreleased Love
u.r.trax: **"**Sentimental Rave is maybe the artist with the purest soul i've ever met. First time I heard her live, she finished her set with one of her productions and I cried (lol). Her work on textures, rhythms, and her production methods are really impressive. But, the most amazing thing is how she sends pure emotion the second you listen to her tracks. The melody in this track almost reminds me of classical music !**"**


# MailTape's selection

## u.r.trax - Race Against The Time
Jules: **"****"**

## Roza Terenzi - That Track (Rewired Mix)
Jules: **"****"**

## Bambounou - Cascade
Jules: **"****"**

## Asna - Atalaku
Jules: **"****"**


<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! As always, thank you so much for joining us. Much love to [Arp Frique](https://arpfrique.bandcamp.com/) for his energizing Sunday selections, and many thanks to [Noémie Dijon](https://vimeo.com/noemiedijon) for this episode's brilliant illustration !</p>
