---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
track1_title: Rival Consoles - Recovery
track1_color: dreamy
track2_title: Melawati - Daliah
track2_color: vibrant
track3_color: trippy
track3_title: Against All Logic - Fantasy
track4_color: vibrant
track4_title: Mydgar - Euphoria
track5_color: trippy
track6_color: dreamy
track7_color: bliss
guestPic: guestPic483.jpg
category: '483'
guest_name: Mydgar
writer: Sarah
illustrator: Jason Pridham
author: Sarah
guest_color: trippy
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic483.png'
musiColor: musiColor483.png
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/483/Mydgar/'
track1_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/483/track1.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/483/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/483/track3.mp3'
description: >-
  This morning, we are delighted to welcome Bordeaux-based producer Mydgar to
  MailTape. The solo spin off from electronic group Mozaik, the project offers
  Mydgar a particular freedom to experiment with mixes. Describing the studio as
  his home, releases of Mydgar are richly layered with retro detailing and snyth
  exploration. Each album aims to create its own storyline from track to track,
  untethered to any particular genre. For this MailTape, Mydgar's selections
  each test the boundaries of electronic music, bringing movement into your
  Sunday morning.
---
<p id="introduction">This morning, we are delighted to welcome Bordeaux-based producer Mydgar to MailTape. The solo spin off from electronic group Mozaik, the project offers Mydgar a particular freedom to experiment with mixes. Describing the studio as his home, releases of Mydgar are richly layered with retro detailing and snyth exploration. Each album aims to create its own storyline from track to track, untethered to any particular genre. For this MailTape, Mydgar's selections each test the boundaries of electronic music, bringing movement into your Sunday morning. 
</p>

# Mydgar's selection

## Rival Consoles - Recovery
Mydgar: **"**There is absolutely all the things I love in this track. Sometimes, when you produce music, you tend to add new elements to fill a lack of something instead of pushing one element and make it interesting. For me, in this track, Rival Consoles perfectly manages to sublimate the main lead with a super creative use and treats of it. It result a kind of minimalist track with the main lead as a guideline, I love it !**"**

## Melawati - Daliah
Mydgar: **"**This track is epic and full of story, it brings a lot of images to my mind... that's exactly what I'm looking for when listening to or producing music, well done Melawati !**"**

## Against All Logic - Fantasy
Mydgar: **"**I really like this side project of Nicolas Jaar. It might sound a little harder to listen to but the more I listen to it the more I discover things in this track... it’s like a movie you need to see twice of more! The way he uses saturation and sampling in this track is completely unbelievable !**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Mydgar - Late Night
Sarah : **"**Love the punchy quality of these retro synths, something of a signature for Mydgar's releases. These movements underlay the space for the rest of the track's flight, weaving in betweeen and underneath the percussives and lead synths. Mydgar's experimentation with drumming basslines (surrounding us all at once and then disappearing, only to move ahead with momentum once again) contribute to the melancholic energy within the track. Indeed, Mydgar describes how he wrote the track in one of the darkest periods of quarantine, and the melody reflects this headspace. However, toward the track's end, there seems to be a sort of revealation, the melancholy appears to lift, on its way to brighter places after a late night.**"**

## Kadhja Bonet - For You (Many Selves Version)
Sarah: **"**Kadhja keeps pushing her art and never disappoint. Smells like a new album is coming this year. You can count on me, "I'll be there for you".**"**

## Mozaik - Assembly
Sarah: **"**The namesake of Mozaik's most recent EP (2021 release). The track maintains much of the standard club structure while also opening up opportunities for synth experimentation. A wonderful progression to listen through, we notice many of the signature movements seen in Mydgar's solo work (especially sharp analog synth leads to complement and celestial synths) **"**

## Ibibio Sound Machine - Electricity
Sarah: **"**Soulwax-esque and exquisite. Love the energy here, a future classic. Their new album, [Electricity](https://ibibiosoundmachine.bandcamp.com/album/electricity-2), is due to be released in March, don't miss it!**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's it for this morning! Alway happy to be with you every Sunday morning. Much love to [Alligator](https://almost-discos.bandcamp.com/album/torrents) for their vibrant and joyful Sunday selections, and many thanks to Julie Wojtczak for this episode's gorgeous illustration!</p>
