---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: Inès
illustrator: Meriam Kharbat
writer: Inès
category: '504'
guest_name: Gustaf
guest_color: rough
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning, we're delighted to welcome Gustaf!
  <br><br>
xx.</p>

# Gustaf's selection

## Thelonious Monk - Locomotive
Gustaf: **"**This song is great for when you are just rolling out of bed -- no words, just a slow clunky climb to the kitchen to make some coffee. Unravel your limbs to Monk's piano and feel your body lumber and assemble as the instruments climb along with you. Let the music tell you what your body has to say.**"**

## [Okay Kaya](https://okaykaya.bandcamp.com/) - Mother Nature's Bitch
Gustaf: **"**Next up, Okay Kaya's "Mother Nature's Bitch" is a great soundtrack for opening yourself up to the day ahead. Will you find yourself following the path of pleasure and relaxation? Will you start organizing your work for the rest of the week? Or will you spiral in the terror that is the coming Monday? The possibilities are endless and the uplifting feel of this track will get you headed in the right direction, whatever that might be.**"**

## [Jennifer Vanilla](https://jennifervanilla.bandcamp.com/) - Erase the Time
Gustaf: **"**Finally, some Sundays feel like they end far too soon. Extend your sense of time with Jennifer Vanilla’s ‘Erase The Time’. It’s a bouncy track that will make you forget time and space and allow you to dance your way into a limitless Sunday. Tomorrow isn’t here yet — so have some fun!**"**

# MailTape's selection

## [Gustaf](https://gustaf-nyc.bandcamp.com/) - Best Behaviour
Inès: **"** xxx **"**

## John Carroll Kirby - Rainmaker
Inès: **"**xxx**"**

## Jerry Paper - Shaking Ass
Inès: **"**xxx.**"**

## Sophia Chablau e Uma Enorme Perda de Tempo - Delícia/Luxúria
Inès: **"**xx **"**

<p id="outroduction">That's a wrap for this morning! As always, thank you for joining us. Big thanks to Gustaf for their amazing selection, and to [Meriam Kharbat](https://www.meriamkharbat.com/illustration) for this episode's beautiful illustration!</p>
