---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning, we woke up with contrasting feelings. Strange time we’re living, aren’t we ? Our mad desire to live intensely runs up against a societal shackle that is hard to twist. Never mind ! Fortunately, we still have the music and all the inspiration it can give us.
<br><br>
So we are pleased to welcome [Tago Mago](https://tagomago.bandcamp.com/releases) a duo of artists who released their first album a few weeks ago that is worth a visit. We find in this album the expression of a sensibility that springs from nowhere, both raw and spontaneous. The kind of feeling that inspires and galvanizes us, always.
</p>

# Tago Mago's selection

## Surprise chef - All news is good news
Tago Mago: **"**I like [Aldous Harding](https://aldousharding.bandcamp.com/album/warm-chris) because I like people who have a universe assumed... When the live is sincere and not a reproduction of what we do in the studio.**"**

## The smile - Pana vision
Tago Mago: **"**This is the big discovery of recent times : all the strength of Radiohead with a lot of freedom.**"**

##  Meule - Getaway
Tago Mago:**"**We saw their concert in December at the Transmusicales (ed : a french festival famous for its discovery-oriented musical programming), we had a great time, it’s a project with common influences with us but treated differently.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Tago Mago - Trop pris
Anto: **"**I discovered this duo on the stage of a small country festival, in the simplicity of a barn, that our two friends electrified with a precise and incisive groove. The dialogue between the drums and the keyboards had the appearance of a very informative debate, where each part responds, sometimes agreeing with each other and sometimes shouting irrefutable arguments that arouse a versatile adherence. 
"Trop pris" is like that, a track stuck in the middle of the album that oscillates between a rational rhythm and a fiery musical verve, completely unbridled.**"**

## Thé Vanille – Do you wanna dance ?
Anto: **"**If you needed a little pick-me-up this sunday morning, have a cup with this special vanilla tea (thé vanille in french). But be careful, this one is particularly loaded with theine ! Enough to over-rank any energy drink. If your head starts moving by itself, that’s normal. If your foot is beating frantically, that’s normal. Let the tea brew.**"**

## The Heliocentrics – Space cakes
Anto: **"**The kind of song that you accidentally met, like if you have left your ears lying around somewhere where they didn’t belong. At first, this "somewhere" is a strange and empty area where there is nothing. Then, a few seconds later, you float in a kind of musical vortex where several universes collide… You have the possibility to focus on whatever you want in here. There is no rules in that space. Every detail is a curious thing that you can observe and enjoy discreetly.**"**

## The Beta Band - I know
Anto: **"**And we finish gently with the piece of a Scottish band that was mainly active in the late 90s. You can appreciate the joyful harmony that binds the various instruments. Each of them finds its place and brings something both precious and peaceful to the whole.**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all for this morning's selection! Thank you for joining us :) Our love to [Bothlane](https://bothlane.bandcamp.com/) for these wonderful Sunday selections, and many many thanks to the guest illustration by [Lucie Fléty](https://www.instagram.com/lucie.flety/) for this episode's fantastic artwork!</p>
