---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: Jules
illustrator: Noémie Dijon
writer: Jules
category: '537'
guest_name: Goldie B
guest_color: trippy
episode_URL: 'https://www.mailta.pe/537/goldie-b/'
track1_title: Hania Rani - Leaving
track1_color: vibrant
track2_title: Sunday Service Choir - Rain
track2_color: vibrant
track3_title: Moloko - Sing It Back (Original Version)
track3_color: trippy
track4_title: Goldie B - Something Nu
track4_color: trippy
track5_title: Sofia Kourtesis - How Music Makes You Feel Better
track5_color: trippy
track7_title: Ela Minus & DJ Python - Kiss U
track7_color: bliss
track6_color: dreamy
track6_title: Simo Cell - rainbow dance
track1_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/537/track1.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/537/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/537/track3.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/537/track4.mp3'
track6_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/537/track6.mp3'
track7_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/537/track7.mp3'
track5_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/537/track5.mp3'
---
<p id="introduction">
	This morning, ....
	<br><br>
	....
</p>

# Goldie B's selection

## Hania Rani - Leaving

**"**To start this Sunday morning's musical selection, there's no doubt in my mind—I've chosen one of the sublime pieces by the Polish pianist and singer, Hania Rani. I first encountered her on the extraordinary Gondwana Records label. This specific track, featured on her 2020 album "Home," has become somewhat of an obsession for me. Hania's music is like a complete cinematic experience, ready to send shivers down your spine with every soaring note and every moment of silence. As a pianist myself, I share a particularly profound connection with the way she uniquely wields this instrument. I find myself passionately enamored with her music, truly captivated by its beauty.
**"**

## Sunday Service Choir - Rain

**"**My second choice for this Sunday morning selection is a beautiful gospel track from the Sunday Service Choir, a group led by the artist and producer Kanye West and conducted by choir director Jason White. I want to emphasize that I'm personally not a believer, but the spiritual dimension invoked by the musicality and the sheer power of gospel music transcends me in a way that's undeniably special. This track, built in crescendo, is a masterpiece in both its vocal arrangements and orchestration and I think it serves as a poignant reminder of the universal capacity of music to touch our spirits and unify us through a shared encounter with the sublime and the emotional.
**"**

## Moloko - Sing It Back (Original Version)

**"**Alright, the last one's a true classic, But in the end, not this original version, which, in my opinion, is much more sensational than Boris Dlugosh's widely-known club remix. My final pick for this selection is the one that motivates me to leave my bed and start dancing (laughs). It's an incredibly sensual track, with a progression that suits my tastes perfectly, combining finesse and power. The introduction is exquisitely crafted, featuring jazz brush drums, percussive artistry, the seductive vocals of Róisín Marie Murphy, and the mesmerizing Rhodes... It's truly fantastic, very elegant, and at the same time, it turns quite wild towards the end of the song. A masterpiece!
**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Goldie B - Something Nu

Jules: **"**xxxx**"**

## Sofia Kourtesis - How Music Makes You Feel Better

Jules: **"**xxxx**"**

## Simo Cell - rainbow dance

Jules: **"**xxxx**"**

## Ela Minus & DJ Python - Kiss U

Jules: **"**xxxx**"**

<p id="outroduction">That’s it for this beautiful morning! Thank you for joining us and many thanks to [Goldie B]() for her blissful selection and to Noémie for the wonderful illustration. See you next Sunday.</p>
