---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: true
author: Anaïs G
illustrator: Lucie Fléty
writer: Anaïs G
category: '524'
guest_name: Madjo
guest_color: vibrant
guestPic: guestPic524.jpg
track4_title: Madjo - L'Enfant Sauvage
track4_color: vibrant
track5_title: Patrick Watson - Good Morning Mr. Wolf
musiColor: musiColor524.png
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic524.png'
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/524/madjo/'
track7_title: Rahill - I Smile for E
track7_color: dreamy
track6_color: bliss
track6_title: 'Ézéchiel Pailhès - Elégie  '
track1_title: Haley Heynderickx - The Bug Collector
track1_color: dreamy
track2_title: Black Sea Dahu - My Guitar is too Loud
track2_color: vibrant
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning, c'est lumineux, apaisant, calme . On entend les oiseaux, le vent se faufiler dans les cheveux... Que l'on soit en ville, à la montagne ou à la campagne, nous avons besoin de déconnecter, de fuir les informations, de couper le temps d'une heure, une journée ou un week-end. C'est accompagné de cette sélection faîtes avec Madjo que nous allons fuir notre quotidien afin de s'envoler loin de tous les tracas !
</p>

# Madjo's selection

##  Haley Heynderick - The Bug Collector 
Madjo: **"**I’ve just discovered this artist and I really love her. It’s sweet and beautiful. It opens my days with gentleness. **"**

## Black Sea Dahu - My Guitar is too Loud 
Madjo: **"**This song is so beautiful and sad too because I think the singer wrote the song for her passed away dad however it gives me some powerful energies to begin my day. I love singing this song!!**"**

## Òlafur Arnolds - Woven Song- (Hania Rani Piano Reworks)
Madjo:**"**The original song has been composed by Òlafur Arnolds. I’m in love with the sound of the piano, she plays with the piano pedal mute and It’s like she sings and plays just for us.. You can hear the movement of her hands when she plays, the sound of the petals. It's very intimate.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Madjo - Enfant Sauvage
Anaïs G: **"** **"**

## Patrick Watson - Good Morning Mr. Wolf
Anaïs G: **"** Grandiose  **"**

## Ezéchiel Pailhès - Elégie
Anaïs G: **"** voix présente comme un guide et son des iles  **"**

## Rahill - I Smile for E
Anaïs G: **"** léger brise beau coloré souvenir esthétique **"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all for this morning's selection! Thank you for joining us :) Our love to Madjo for these wonderful Sunday selections, and many many thanks to the guest illustration by [Lucie Fléty](https://www.instagram.com/lucie.flety/) for this episode's fantastic artwork!</p>
