---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
category: '541'
guest_name: Melenas
guest_color: vibrant
guestPic: guestPic541.jpg
author: Sarah
illustrator: Noémie Dijon
writer: Sarah
track1_color: vibrant
track2_color: vibrant
---
<p id="introduction">
	This morning, get ready to start your day with a heartfelt and captivating episode of MailTape with [Martin Dupont](https://martindupont.bandcamp.com)! We're thrilled to share with you a special selection of hidden gems that we've curated after interviewing Alain Seghir, the leader of the band, following their live performance in Spain.
	<br><br>
	Filled with hypnotic vibes, creative ingenuity, and infectious rhythms, this episode is a true testament to the Wave family's incredible talent. From trippy beats to ecstatic rhythms, this selection will take you on a journey of emotions, including moments of joy, drama, sadness, and humble reconciliation with our inner selves.
	<br><br>
	We've poured our hearts and souls into digging through archives to curate this one-of-a-kind experience that we believe will deeply nourish your creativity and leave you feeling inspired and energized. We know that fun is a serious thing, and we're confident that this episode will provide you with the motivation and inspiration you need to take on the day with renewed vigor.
	<br><br>
	So sit back, relax, and let MailTape transport you into a world of wonder and creativity. We're honored to be able to share this experience with you, and we hope it leaves you feeling inspired, rejuvenated, and ready to tackle whatever challenges come your way!
</p>

# Melenas's selection

## Yo La Tengo - Autumn Sweater

Melenas: **"**Oh... this Autumn feeling! One of our favorites to listen to at home or in the van, this song feels like coming back home after a rainy day. Undoubtedly inspiring for us, it is beautifully constructed, with the steady drums and the subtle percussion, along with the powerful and melancholic vintage organ and the soothing and sensitive Ira Kaplan's vocals... it feels like a warm blanket wrapped around you.**"**


## Magnetic Fields - You and Me and the Moon

Melenas: **"**One of those songs that immediately gives you a shot of energy and good vibes! An euphoric boost that describes perfectly a crush. We really can't avoid start dancing (even in the van) and singing along these beautiful vocals, which make a perfect harmony combo (in the original song, just to make it clear :))**"**

## Aventuras de Kirlian - Victor

Melenas: **"**Víctor is a very special song for us, with its absolutely pop melody and its exotic beat drawn by slide and bass in a loop that absorbs you right from the start.
It makes you feel like being in a dream, and like in dreams, now you're here and then you're there... Maybe on a roof waiting for the rain, or maybe in your room, surrounded by lizards that lie to you with their hypnotic humming...**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Martin Dupont - Inside Out

Sarah: **"**From the very first second, the energy of this sound gripped me and didn't let go for weeks. I only discovered Martin Dupont recently and, without having experienced the original era of these intoxicating rhythms, I still feel a sweet and joyful sense of nostalgia. It was a time when music was magically crafted with electronic instruments to convey the full emotional power of human life at its strongest. An ode to youth, love, and life.**"**

## Gary Allen - Oops It's an Accident

Sarah: **"**As I listened for days to compilations of new wave and albums picked up along with the groove of the moment, suddenly comes this completely crazy sound. Taken directly and instinctively in my gut, this track by Gary Allen is a kind of magical encounter between queer madness and the grandiloquence of minimal synths. Grace Jones in a convertible speeding through a neon tunnel.**"**

## El - Og Tilslutt

Sarah: **"**After listening to so much new wave, I fell into a romantic trip. Of course. And for me, this sound encapsulates all the poetic romance so unique to the genre. You can feel the inspiration of The Cure in the bass, obviously, but here with an even darker atmosphere. Dracula transformed into a wolf howls in the heart of the forest. Where has the imagination gone?**"**


## Art Fact - Rain in the South

Sarah: **"**End of the 80s in Sweden, a cold, industrial, polluted world stands as an insurmountable horizon. The machine has taken over, money is king. Smoke pours out of factories. Contemporary sadness, where has the future gone? Have we woken up from this nightmare or have we convinced ourselves that it was only a dream in our torpor maintained by screens that absorb all our attention? It is good to cry, to experience this sadness. To better transmute it, to live all our emotions, to accept them and then overcome them. And finally find our desire again.**"**

<p id="outroduction">That’s it for this Sunday morning! Thanks for being with us. Much love to [Martin Dupont](https://martindupont.bandcamp.com) and particularly Alain Seghir for his eclectic selection of gems which greatly inspired me. And what else to say about this great work of art by Meriam for the illustration. See you next Sunday morning.</p>
