---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
author: Anaïs G
illustrator: Julie Wojtczak
writer: Anaïs G
category: '522'
guest_name: Bothlane
guest_color: trippy
guestPic: guestPic522.jpg
track1_title: Aldous Harding - Fever
track2_title: Donovan Concept - Let It All Go
track4_title: Bothlane - Heat
track4_color: trippy
track1_color: vibrant
track3_title: Alog - Bomlo Brenn Om Natta
track2_color: bliss
track3_color: trippy
episode_URL: 'http://mailta.pe/522/bothlane/'
image: 'https://mailta.pe/img/fbPic522.png'
musiColor: musiColor522.png
track1_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/522/track1.mp3'
track2_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/522/track2.mp3'
track3_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/522/track3.mp3'
track4_link: 'https://mtsounds.s3.eu-central-1.wasabisys.com/522/track4.mp3'
track5_color: bliss
track7_color: dreamy
track7_title: FOEHN  - Same Horizon
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning, It grows in power little by little or not even at all... We go straight into the rough, we're speed and angry, so by the decision of a certain government, but I'm not going to talk politics here. We are in this state because our guest takes us into our entrenchments, he helps us to deconstruct a music that we had known until now sometimes smooth. He makes us waver between different emotions in these songs. We already knew him in the band The Brums on drums, but today it is through his solo project, Bothlane, that he presents us his playlist this morning. 
</p>

# Bothlane's selection

## Aldous Harding - Fever
Bothlane: **"**I like Aldous Harding because I like people who have a universe assumed . . when the live is sincere and not a reproduction of what we do in the studio.**"**

## Dorian Concept - Let It All Go
Bothlane: **"**I like the energy and construction of this track and it works well for a Sunday morning :).**"**

##  Alog - Bømlo Brenn Om Natta
Bothlane:**"**Alog remains one of my great discoveries and this slightly crazy piece works too much with excess ginger or caffeine.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## Bothlane - Heat
Anaïs G: **"**It is a song that climbs crescendo or rather begins quite quickly in this music called on the edge of the industrial but hypnotizing. As we discover it from a different angle, the drums always its favorite musical object even if the synth is never far away. A nice mix for a perfect energizing and rejuvenating Sunday.**"**

## Tour-Maubourg  - Just Believe 
Anaïs G: **"** **"**

##  - 
Anaïs G: **"** **"**

## FŒHN -Same Horizon
Anaïs G: **"** .**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's all for this morning's selection! Thank you for joining us :) Our love to Bothlane for these wonderful Sunday selections, and many many thanks to the guest illustration by Lucie Fléty for this episode's fantastic artwork!</p>
