---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
---
<p id="introduction"> This morning, please welcome [Spread Joy](https://spreadjoy.bandcamp.com/) for an episode full of life. Post-punk band [Spread Joy](https://spreadjoy.bandcamp.com/) has released their second album in May last year and it is full of good energy. Fast-paced, rythmically changing songs that make you want to run or dance or jump or maybe all of it together? 
<br><br>
In this episode, we are going through a bit of a rollercoaster. We have peaceful, we have lovely, we have moody, we have angry, we have bop-y, we have dancey. We have it all. We did say it was full of life.</p>

# Spread Joy's selection

## Marlene Dietrich - I've Been in Love Before
Spread Joy: **"**A woman that needs absolutely no introduction, Marlene is the original androginous. She's got this way of talking and singing that oscillates between earnesty and disdain which is something I think I do when I sing certain songs too. I grew up watching movies from Pre-Code / Golden Age and these women were always who I emulated.**"**

## [MIKAN MUKKU](https://bitterlakerecordings.bandcamp.com/album/kan-b-w-chin-dan) - Chin Dan
Spread Joy: **"**I feel like my friend Oskar sent this to me in 2016 at like 3AM on a Tuesday or something. It was the perfect moment for a life changing introduction: dark, loud, crashing and moody, oozes 80s coolness, everything I love. I have only ever been able to find a few songs by this group and honestly, every single one is worth a listen.**"**

## [Devon Rexi](https://southofnorthamsterdam.bandcamp.com/album/tambal-ep) - Human Snax
Spread Joy: **"**A contemporary one for the list! This is a new discovery for me and, well, it just bops! ESG-inspired anything deserves a listen and this one gives that energy but Devon Rexi throws in this darker sound that I am always into. Can't wait to hear more stuff by these people, they definitely have my interest!**"**


# MailTape's selection

## [Spread Joy](https://spreadjoy.bandcamp.com/) - Repetition
Inès: **"**I think it's through that song that I've gotten a proper intro to Spread Joy. Starting with a slower dancey element, with a singing that's very elegant, it then switches up to a fast paced moment that makes you want to jump everywhere and then abruptly stops. What a journey. Think that's a great representation of all the different atmospheres you can hear in their music. Their second album is amazing, and I really hesitated between several songs for this pick: the opener "Ow", a short punk track that gives the tone to the album, or "Discomfort is Palpable" that feels theatrical with a crying singing and instruments really making you feel the discomfort. Go have a listen!**"**

## Shira Small - My Life's Alright
Inès: **"**A great Sunday morning track. Great for resetting and contemplating the last weeks, months, years. Background music to living through high and lows and remembering that all of it is what makes the human experience, with a sense of peace to it is calming and gives perspective.**"**

## [Mandy, Indiana](https://mandyindiana.bandcamp.com/) - Nike of Samothrace
Inès: **"**I was trying to find a track that was close to Spread's Joy second pick and bumped into this one that I had found a while back. Also loud, dark and moody but adding pure, raw adrenaline to the mix. With words spoken to a night time harrasser, this song encapsulates fear, anger and all that can go with being in this situation. Completely different vibe to the previous track but all can't always be nice and peaceful. Sometimes you're angry and scared and that can also be your Sunday.**"**

## [Grotto Terrazza](https://mapledeathrecords.bandcamp.com/album/kalte-k-stlichkeiten) - Der Zaubergeselle
Inès: **"**Another twist vibe-wise but this time we're going dancing. The kind of dancing that's a bit two step, a bit static, head bumping, hands waving everywhere, no choreography, just moves, dance-like-no-ones-watching. It's one of my favorite songs I discovered last year, so fun and catchy, bit 80s, feeling both serious and unserious.**"**

<p id="outroduction">That's a wrap for this morning! Thank you as always for joining us. Big thanks to [Spread Joy](https://spreadjoy.bandcamp.com/) for their inspiring selection, and to [Meriam Kharbat](https://www.meriamkharbat.com/illustration) for this episode's great illustration!</p>

