---
layout: episode
bigTitle_font_ratio: '6'
published: false
track1_title: Mecca Normal - I Walk Alone
track1_color: vibrant
track2_title: Henry Mancini - Dreamy
track3_title: Najat Al Saghira - Ana Bashaa El Bahr
track3_color: bliss
track4_color: dreamy
track5_color: vibrant
track6_color: bliss
track7_color: dreamy
track2_color: dreamy
category: '546'
guest_name: Dear Nora
---
<p id="introduction">
	This morning, we are delighted to welcome Katy Davidson from Dear Nora to MailTape :) They join us just after the announcement of their USA tour and the release of their human futures album. Dear Nora's discography crosses into folk, punk, ambient, and experimental textures; never dwelling too long in either one. 
	<br><br>
  human futures arrives 6 years after their 2018 album, Skulls Example. The record is rich with descriptions of nature and tenderness, but also of our place in deep time. Navigating topics from the technosphere to climate to the mist of memories, Dear Nora's standout lyricism is meshed with creative rhythmic and melodic backdrops, swaying from futuristic synthwork to earthy acoustics. 
</p>

# Dear Nora's selection

## [Mecca Normal](https://www.solseppy.world/test) - I Walk Alone

Dear Nora: **"**This song features a truly unparalleled vocal performance from Jean Smith and potently restrained guitar performance from David Lester. The minimalism makes it impossible to look away. The lyrics explore some of my absolute favorite things – travel/movement and cosmic connection. The performance is punk, so beautiful, and very deep. I wish I recorded this.**"**

## [Henry Mancini](https://www.davidbowie.com/news) - Two for the Road

Dear Nora: **"**This is the most incredible track from Bowie's final and very potent album. I ended up in a music video watching Youtube portal the other night and was in tears re-watching the 'Black Star' clip - to think his health was suffering so severely whilst in the process of making the record, and that he left the world just two days after it's release is overwhelming. His artistic integrity and genius was so powerful literally up until his final body of work.**"**

## [Najat Al Saghira](https://laurajeanmusic.bandcamp.com/) - Ana Bashaa El Bahr

Dear Nora: **"**This song reaches down to the core of the Earth. It’s utterly transfixing.**"**

# MailTape's selection

## [Dear Nora](https://www.instagram.com/aleeshadibbs/?hl=en-gb) - sinaloan restaurant
Sarah: **"**One of my favorite tracks on the human futures record (a difficult task to separate just one, as it feels embedded as one with the songs surrounding it -- the spirals of human futures lends to this track's percussives, and the sudden drop at sinaloan restaurant's end is lifted by fruitful streams' bright swaying rhythm; together they create a special ambient interaction). The lyrics, _My dad died many times years ago // Now on the table staring at the light // I move from grief to joy_ paints such an immediate, wrenching emotional picture. The track hums through the heaviness of several waves of nostalgia, memory, change, and awareness. These vocals are so tender, they carry us, gently, through these waves of living.**"**

## [Renata Zeiguer](https://www.instagram.com/aleeshadibbs/?hl=en-gb) - Sunset Boulevard

Sarah: **"**At once smooth and harrowing, Renata Zeiguer's vocals mesmerize in this track off of her 2022 album, Picnic in the Dark. The haunting percussives later on are striking, shaking us in and out of the track's flow.**"**

## Darryl Rahn - Angels Bowling

Sarah: **"**Listening to this one a lot on walks around Dublin. It rains so often here, you forget the sky can be blue too :) The slide guitar and the light strumming have such a grounding mood to them, drawing out an easy moving Sunday.**"**

## Allegra Krieger - Making Sense Of

Sarah: **"**Introduced to this track by Katy :) Love the texture of the synth echoes running through, giving its own ethereal tint.**"**

<p id="outroduction">That’s it for this morning! Thank you for joining us on your Sunday. Our love to Dear Nora for their energizing selection, and to Patricia for this episode's gorgeous illustration. Until next Sunday :)</p>
